CBAWEB V. ' on spun of lore bow quick acd fresh sit Ultra.' It was wonderful the change that bad been nude on Jlfiuut Jgtauai and iti vicinity in the short space of two yean. A great gap had been cut from north to south through Hu summit of it. Prom each end of this cutting little waggons laden with golden stone ran to the vicinity of the etampera. The mill fc-d^ been ertmrled, and thirty head now tiftt^ through many tons of stone daily— working 4 the twenty-four hours. Berdan pans wen in number corresponding. The stone was easily ./ worked, and waa robbedof its precious demeflr without difficulty. On the Stockman's reef shafts had been sank ; the mill at it was kept constantly going; and it also was paybnr splendid dividends. On Donecnr* set-ction much work had been done with splendid re sults. Smaller reefs bad been found abort from the Mount Ebnina lode, and over an area of four miles mining operations were carried on. A township bad sprang up witii pablic houses, chapel, and school, and dwelling! of every type— from tin sapling and bark fanmpie, and simple oartns tent to the neat pamted weaker-board domicile. The Captain had been appointed resident director of the Mount Elmina Gold-mining Company, and no one could have recognised in the neat smart well-set-up gentleman, toe miserable shaver who had spoiled good Sour in his efforts at making damper same three years before. The troth was toe success of the mine had inspired him with new vigor physically and mentally ; he bsd found Son' genial work; and under its bracing influence, the education, experience, and irofes iooal training of his eariylifehadbecome^onveniOTt and useful to him. He displayed also the methodsandmannersofs-well4dacated highly bred gentleman. He was the 'master of method'' about the mine.' In conjunction with the manager, he bad made the system on which it was worked. The men bad their work assumed rhm ; they knew what they had to do, and did n\\ because the demands were not exacting, and the pay was certain. At orgsmsiug amusements either for the concert room or the open air, the Captain was e, first rate hand. He got np the local cricket clnb, and when the crack team of the district came rfr^.^?'^eirOTB* Etermas they were defeated by three runs— to the tremendous delight of the mining onlookers, who carried the two captains round the field. It was be Iieved the Mount Elmina team would have pulled off the return match, notwithstand ing the strong team against them, had it not been for a questionable decision -of toe umpire, which put the Captain oat leg be fore wicket early in the game. He bad\\old a portion of his interest in Mount Elmina, and by lucky purchases in the stock of other mines, had aco&ired toe commxnd of £15.000. It was st his nicely situated, and roomy dwelling, on Ihespurof oneof the eminences adjoining Mount tdmina, that the friends of directors were entertained when rzdthw- the mine. Many were the pleasant parties there, when young people, out for a holiday, enjoyed the splendid hospitality of the host. The style without extravagance pleased and as tonished those who make a Trig display but create no good effect There Blair snd Howell were always welcome guests. Among the visitors one Sunday when Shir was there, were tin leading members of a femous dramatic company from ? ton- It included the star, mST Amy DeschameLa person ofrepate in herBrofessiTO^-atJeaet so theplaybflls said. She was supported by a talented company. They went wSh the early train on Sunday morning to the railway sta turn for Mount Hmina, and drove over in tame for breakfast, wbich was awaiting tbeir arrival. Willie and the Captain weretntte verandah when the party drove up. Tbe ladies doselyveiled firm, the dust and inn were shown to bed-rooms, while tbe gentle men »pere made free of the bath-room, and captau'e dressing-room. Mr. Welby, the leading gentleman of the dramatic partr afterward tatrodoced the members. ^vS 'SL?6^!^ 'i' P''™^. «he Captain instead of greeting her courteously, bowed in us coldest, stiffest manner. She flashed opon face and neck, and a shade of bitter feeW passed over her countenance, succeeded bv one of painful sadness. Without explana tion or apology the Captain at once disap peared, leaving Blair to do the honours oftne occasion. The mine and its eurroundinas were explored in the course of the day/iriS WflUe found in Miss Deschameland her Bttie daughter whom it was a novel experience fo? ' him to take in his arms and carry over rough places, pleasant acooaintancee. ^The. former was a sensible clever woman, without any thing stagey about her, the latter very eater taining. After dinner the party iwSFto prepare for the return journey^ MIsYite* chamel tagged ji word Jfn prfrate with Mr. STmand^d/sTaifd*6 &ptata1' «?*? 'Benot^aatonished: f am Captain Crich '? His name is Crichton, but we call him Captain in joke.' ™ ' He is Captain Archibald Crichton, late of the Royal Scot, Fusiliers, 21st Fod~ind; ?-«re '^ Pointing to a certificate she produced ??^evidencettatonthedatether^SentiSed ie was married to Amy Dabois, spinster of shook^Jwh fr' coP.t-BMd. '-kileher voice mJfc. l. j *! ?wol;W«kofyoaasafrieadof my husband, u. to tell him I want an interview with him. You m»y also teU him what I want to say is, that I have been a tone wife to ''? ZfVS 'imprudent I may hare been, but I have been true to my msniaee vow. On my soul's salvation I declare it~^ ave come to Australia to tell him this, and ,nen leave it to bis own manliness and^* iiiTu c6*1*' *° dictate wh' eonrae be V loss what to do. In a woman's affitirsSke counsel of a wnman. He left Miss Deschamel XiWU'^Jh?e he com«''' «« housekeeper, Mn. Maefarlaoe. Having heard the matter 'Mike he leave the baimie with you: she'i i the connecting link that'll draw them toBeniGr again.' _*' Whose is the chOd I'— Willie asked, at he njmned tiie visitor. ' 'Sir!' she said, tai rose to her feet with .^nwje wan the mere Mtort tone in her voice. , u3 demeanour in her attitude— ^^ )? 'Wen, I beg your pardon, but I am vary V awkward about this «ort of badness. Did he desert you and your child} 'Clan Ctichton «u not bom then: we wore only mi months married when he for sook me. Inameq her for tin sister he told me de loved font* ' CUrs Oriental,' Wfflij repeated the name: paused as a crowd of strange thoughts swept ?cross Ms brain. ' WOI yon leaTe the little girl with us to-night*' 'So yon mean to rob me of my child? Is tins Borne trick f she «TM.im^ 'How. does he know he has a child? her lime hand may brash away the illation which the lane of years may have now worn thin.' ' M-. Blair, if I cannot gain my husband I win not part with my child. But now I hare discovered him I will spare no effort to put myself right with him. Do yon pledge me your word of honour that she shall be re tained to me?' -?'I do: the chad shall be returned,— per- haps with interest.* Hereat there was a knock at the door, and Mrs. Manfarlsne appeared with a cop of tea for the lady before the waggonette started. Following her came little (Six, who rather surprised her mother by asking her to wait all night 'to near the dingoes howL' 'Wild dogs, mamma ; they live ont in the bosh, sod eat kangaroos and poor little calves. Mrs. UacfarUne says she hears them almost every night, and they don't bark like oar dogs -at all. Do minnm^ stay and near them. 'No, my dear, I cannot do that?' ?' But mamma will let yoa stay, Clara, and I will tale yon to town again to-morrow.' 'How could I stay .11 night without any night-dress, or any one to brash my hair, and pat me to sleep, as mnmim does. 'I ufllget yonanight-dress, my wee dearie ; sad I wfll brash your hair, and sing yon 'Baloomy baMe'-the Lords night though it be.' 'And in the morning you will see the big mills Bounding the stone they get tie gold out of?' ' May I wait m*w'nn ?n ' But yon wBl come back to me S' 'Oh manrnm, do yon think I would leave you, my own wmiw^ for altogether V 'The driver says we will not catch the train unless we start now: we're late al ready.' 'Jost a moment, Mr. Welby' replied Miss Deschamel - then to Mr. Blair ' Look at my bank book. It is not money I want. Good-bye. Be sure and come to-morrow, Clara.' 'Yes, mamma, and perhaps I will bring a dingo with me.' At this all the listeners laughed heartily, though perhaps with varied feelings. Id tile dusk the Captain c&me home, jaded and~ worn like, and w&h something of Hie wearied look anMa .vm»fa»i.^~. it had borne when first he had come to Moont Elmlna. He gave his horse to the boy, -and walked to his room to dress,' On coming ont again to the wrandah he saw little Clara, rocking herself on a chair. For a moment he stood irresolute, then leapt off at the aide, and went round to the kitchen. He appeared again when the dinner bell rang, and stand at the little one whom Blair led in by the hand. -? TkM is little Clara Crichton,' said he as he presented her, and she shyly held out her little hand. The Captain took it, bat mf d^ no 'fl1* At dinner she was almost the only one wEo spoke, and she prattled away cheerfully, about occurrences of the day, 