THE LAST FARE. 

 A MELBOURNE DETECTIVE STORY. 

 By C. H. CHOMLEY. 

 CHAPTER III. 

 "There's no place like home," I whistled with less tune than sarcasm, as standing at the window I watched Dorothy walk down the street. My home-coming was certainly not a cheerful one, to find when I had scarcely been here a day one friend dead, another suspected of causing her death, and a third, whom I valued most filled with angry scorn for me. The last blow was the hardest to bear, especially as I had partly brought it on myself. 

 Forgetful of the hour and the sacredness of Mrs Blake's drawingroom, I flung myself 

 upon the sofa and lit a cigar. Life was a very unattractive business, and I did not feel at all inclined to sustain it with the eggs and bacon which Mrs Blake came to inform me severely had been waiting for me in the diningroom this half-hour. However, I finished my breakfast somehow, and made my way towards the station, determined to look up some old friends at the club and to keep my eye open for a mate with whom to wander again when my part in this wretched mystery should be finished. 

 A hansom cab stopped near me in the road, and a voice from it called, "Is that you, Mr Winton? I was just off to your diggings to look you up." 

 It was Sinclair, the very man I did not want to see, for I was anxious to forget the Dandenong-road omnibus and everything connected with it for a time, but fate ruled 

 otherwise. 

 Sinclair was on his way to the inquest, and invited me to accompany him. 

 "Where are we going?" I asked him, as the cab, instead of going down to St. Kilda road, turned up High-street. 

 "To Mr Corfield's place, Fairfield-house," he replied, "where the inquest is to be." 

 I was surprised at this, as I thought inquests were always held at the morgue, and relieved, too, for I had never wished to see the inside of that ironically cheerful-looking building by the Yarra bank. 

 Sinclair laughed when I told him. "That is the general rule," he said, but perhaps Mr Corfield has friends in the Crown Law office. At any rate, an exception has been made, and the coroner's court sits at Fairfiel- house this morning." 

 altogether he seemed very cheerful, and I asked him the reason. 

 "Well, in my profession, Mr Winton, one likes lo be in a big thing," he said. "This 

 is a very big thing, and it will be a neat conviction 

 on circumstantial evidence if the prisoner does not spoil it by a confession." 

 "You are certain of a conviction then?" 

 "Well, yes. everything points that way, though there are difficulties," he said thoughtfully, filling his pipe. "I must confess there are difficulties; but, of course, you haven't heard the latest evidence." 

 "You mean the handkerchief?" I said. 

 Sinclair looked at me with surprise. "You have heard that then? Yes, the handkerchief 

 is most valuable, but we have the chloroform bottle, too." 

 The surptise wa on my side when he mentioned this, and he seemed gratified by 

 the fact. 

 "Ah! then there is something you don't know, after all," he said with a smile. 

 "I certainly have heard nothing of that," I answered. "Tell me about it." 

 "I had been hoping against hope that Cunningham was innocent, and as Sinclair gave me the account of his arrest the reality of what his guilt meant presented itself as a mental picture which I did not care to look 

 upon. 

 When they went to his house to make the arrest, Sinclair told me, Cunningham was at his breakfast. He showed no surprise, and made no resistance but professed to be certain that he could prove his innocence. After the usual caution that anything he said might he used against him at his trial, 

 Sinclair showed him the handkerchief, and asked him if he had ever seen one like it. 

 "Did he know where it had been found?" I asked Sinclair at this point. 

 "You may bet he knew well enough," he answered, "but no one had told him. I took care that no newspaper should get into his house this morning." 

 "All right." I said, "go on," and Sinclair resumed his narrative. 

 "Fulton examined the handkerchief, and said that if very much resembled one of three that he had in his possession, a present from a friend who had bought them in India as a specimen of specially fine silk. Asked where they were, he replied that he believed they were at the bottom of a drawer in his room, but that it might be a year or more since he had used them. 

 "The police searched the drawer and found in it two handkerchiefs, identical in every respect with that in their possession. Before he was removed to the Melbourne Gaol a search was made of the clothes he wore. Nothing but a cigarette case, a little money, a pipe and tobacco and a few letters were found in them.There was nothing in any way material to the case; but the first thing that Sinclair discovered in the pocket of an overcoat, which Cunningham admitted wearing on the previous night, was a small bottle , empty, without a cork, bearing on one label the word "Chloroform", and in another below it the name of Gould and Oliver, chemists, in Bourke- street, Melbourne. 

 "What did Cunningham say to that?" I asked. 

 "For the first time since I had seen him 

 he showed signs of uneasiness and seemed to lose his nerve," said Sinclair, "but of course he professed the utmost lgnorance of how the bottle carne there. He asked to see the bottle, and after looking at it was going to make some remark but checked himself, saying that he would reserve anything 

 he had to say till his trial. He will find it difficult lo explain then, I fancy." 

 "Did he, as a fact, buy chloroform at Gould and Oliver's?'' I asked. 

 "Not lately, it appears. They have just begun a new poison register, and the old one is with some other books at the Safe Deposit. They have sent for it for me. Of course, he may have bought the chloroform months or years ago, and he gets olher things there." 

 Where is he now?" I asked. 

 "On his way ftom the gaol to the inquest, if he is not there by this time," said Sinclair, looking at his watch. "By Jove, we are late. Whip up a bit, cabby," he called months or years ago; and he gets other 
