THE LAST FARE. 

 A MELBOURNE DETECTIVE STORY. 

 By C. H. CHOMLEY. 

 CHAPTER II. 

 I was awakened next morning by a loud knocking at my door, and when it was no longer fitted in with my dreams I made some sleepy, grumbling response. The voice of my landlady answered, "You must get up, Winton. There's a lady downstairs says she wants to see you very particular, and she says she's in a hurry." 

 "Oh, is she," I replied, not in a very good humour, for I hate visitors who call before I am up. "What is her name?" 

 "She wouldn't give it." 

 "Well, what is she like?" 

 "I can't say that, sir, either," said Mrs. Blake, in an injured tone. She has a veil, but, judging from her figure, I should say she was a young woman." 

 "All right," I answered, "tell her I will be down directly," and I dressed myself as quickly as I could, wondering what on earth any young woman could want with me. I concluded she must be a beggar, and, making up my mind that she was an impostor, assumed my sternest expression and opened the door of the parlour, prepared to repel her advances. The room was dark and stuffy, like most boarding- house parlours in the morning but in spite of the veil and the bad light there seemed something familiar about the figure that rose from a chair as I entered. With a stiff bow I began, "To what do I owe the houour of this visit, madam?" when with a silvery laugh, she raised her veil and said, It is an honour which you don't seem to appreciate much, Mr Winton." 

 "You here! I gasped, with astonishment, as I recognised Dorothy Lister, the girl I had spent three years wandering around the world to forget. "I scarcely expected to ever set eyes on you again." 

 "Yes, it is I," she answered. "I think your last remark was i little uncalled for and cruel, but, believe me I should not have forced myself upon you without the gravest reasons. How shockingly late you get up.' 

 With her sudden change from seriousness to gaiety, I saw she was just the same Dorothy who had driven me to distraction years ago. She looked older than I should have expected, I suppose because her cheeks were pale and she had been crying, but in spite of the black dress, for black never suited her, I was sure that I had never seen a prettier girl on all my travels. I was piqued by her accusation of laziness and said, "I was up very late last night and went through some unpleasant experiences, which prevented me from sleeping. I suppose you have heard nothing of the murder in the Dandenong-road omnibus?" 

 "Yes, I have," she answered, sadly. "I know more of it than you, and it is just about that that I have come to see you." 

 "She read my astonishment in my face. 

 "You ne surpnsed, she said, "naturally, but shake hands, we are still friends, are we not?" and then sit down and I will explain it all to you." 

 As I took her hand, and her beautiful brown eyes met mine, I felt a contempt for friendship that I had never felt before, and all the resolutions that had built up so painfullv vanished into air. 

 Withdrawing her hand, which, perhaps, I held rather long for friendship, she smiled and pointed me to a chair beside 

 her. 

 "You will wonder," she began, "how I found you out, and why I carne to you. This paper," and she took up an "Argus" from the table beside her, "answers the first question, and the fact that you are my 

 friend-" 

 I was going to speak, but she stopped 

 me. 

 "You said you were just now. Don't let us speak of anything else. The fact that you are my oldest friend answers the second." 

 "Yes - but Miss Lister - Dorothy," I interjected, more puzzled than ever. "How am I to show my friendship? What kind of help is it that you want?" 

 I thought she blushed slightly when I called her by the name that I had not used for so Iong, but she did not reprovc me, and 

 answered - 

 "Have patience and I will tell vou, or, rather, this paper and I together will. 

 Briefly, the facts are these. Mrs. Corfield, the woman who was murdered - you will remember her as Mary Seddon?" 

 "Yes, I remember her." 

 "Well you most likely do not know that, though I knew her veey little as a girl, after her marriage I became her most intimate - in fact, her only intimate - friend." 

 "No, I was not aware of that," I answered, as she paused and seemed overwhelmed with grief. "All this must have been a terrible shock to you." 

 "Oh, yes it is horrible, horrible," she said, vehemently, "and yet, poor girl, for her sake I can scarcely be sorry that she is dead. She had a more miserable life than any other woman that I knew." 

 "Indeed," said I. "I am surprised to hear you say that. She was young, pretty, and rich/ Her husband, I suppose, was in love with her; at any rate, she must have been very much in love with him to throw over poor Cunningham as she did." 

 "Gerald," she said, "you only just knew her husband - I got to know him well. I could not help it, because, much as I hated him, I forced mvself to go to the house, and to be civil to him, in order to be near her." 

 "I never heard he was such a bad chap, What form did it take?'' I asked. 

 "Oh, he was a brute - a cultivated brute, who used all the resources of his culture to make his cruelty more effective. Of course there was no physical violence, but her life was just a hell upon earth." 

 "Then why did she marry him?" 

 She hesitated, as if considering something, and then, looking into my face, she 

 continued - 

 "You think she was in love with him. She was not. I am going to tell you something that, now she is dead, no one knows 

 but myself and him. He had a kind of mesmeric influence over her. That was 

 what made her throw over poor Jack Cunningham. She loved him all along, though after her marriage she pretended not to, and tried to forget him and be a good wife to her husband. His influence over her gradually grew less, and as he felt it weakening, annoyed at her power of resistance to him, he grew more and more cruel. I tell you all this in confidence. I do not like betraying the poor dead girl's secrets, but I am forced to do it in justice to the living." 

 "You can rely on mv discretion," I answered, "but I don't understand what you mean by justice to the living, and I am still quite in the dark as to what you want 

 me to do." 

 "I am coming to that," she said. "You know, I suppose, that Mr Cunningham is suspected of the murder?" 

 "I did not know that he was actually suspected," I answered, "but I had an idea that the police connected him with it in some way and intended to watch him." 

 "Yes, not only is he suspected, but probably by this time he has been arrested on the definite charge of murdering Mrs. Corfield 

 and I want you to help me in proving that he is innocent." 

 As I opened the sheet, mid rend tint double leaded headlines, "TERRIBLE TRAGEDY IV WINDSOR - A LADY FOUND MURDERED IN THE DANDENONG- ROAD OMNIBUS - A PROBABLE 
