? By the HON. SIR CHARLES GAVAN D0FF7, K.C.M.G; CHAPTER II. A TYRO IN DUBLIN JOURNALISM. The Dublin journalists, when I came to know them, were a marvel to me. They resembled nothing I had associated in day dreams with the profession! was about to embrace. Hazlitt and Gobbet and their compeers I. Jtne* by their work, and I thought of ft publicist as ft man somewhat combative and self-willed perhaps, bat abundantly informed, and with settled convictions, for. whioh he wae willing to face all odds. The young editors of the " Northern Heraldwere, at least, familiar with che whole cyclopaedia of Irish affairs, and had the enthusiasm of missionaries or tioldiers. But the sooiety into whioh I was now introduced swarmed with the gipsies of literature—men who lived careless, driftless liveB, without thodght of to-morrow. The staff of the journals whioh supported O'Connell had Slight sympathy with his policy, and few settled opinions or purpose of . any sort. The editors tif the three peculiarly Catholic papers at that time were all Protestants, and the co-editors of a pre-eminently Protestant organ had been oora and bred Catholic's. To the reporters, or the most part, public life was a stage play, where a man gesticulated and perorated accordingly as his role was cast by his stage manager. J£ost of them had lived through the first Repeal movement, and whatever public spirit they possessed probably evaporated with its oollapse. , •>» . Tbe dream I had had of journalism as a mission had a rude awakening. But the new life was not wanting in new enjoyments. I bad longed for unattainable books, and in the Dublin Library I iound all the books I longed for. The most startling revelation which books brought me was the knowledge that sentiments whioh I had long regarded as peculiar to myself were common characteristics of the olass of whom oooks are tbe daily bread. Hazlitt'sirank confessions and Montaigne's self reproaohes sometimes read like my personal experience. And I first discovered from Isaao Disraeli's literary charaoter that I had the prevailing weaknesses- 1 —perhaps some of the gifts—of the man of letters. I had dreamed of seeing Shakespeare's heroes and heroines, no longer as shadows, but in the flesh, and now I had a free admission to two theatres. In one respect the theatre disappointed me. I expected as much enjoyment from the wit of the gallery as from the art of the stage, but the wit was dreary and scanty. I can only recall two laughable inoidents in all that »Qeatre-going period. An eccentric attorney named Toby Glascook was a famous amateur actor, and on one occasion the little theatre of Fiahamble-street was taken tor one of his performances, and 1 found myself one of a motley and expectant iudience. The curtain did not rise at the expected time, and a rumour flew round me house that Glascock would not appear. The audience; who had paid their money, .becameBO troublesome that the manager appeared, and endeavoured to quiet .hem. ' He talked placebos and platitudes, but said not a word about the missing attorney. At length a gallery boy roared out—"To.-by or not To-by, that is the question." On another occasion a fiery melodrama, entitled " God Defend the tiight," was being played in Hawkins-street. In a single combat tbe hero got a ^ash on bis hand, " That's the left," cried a boy in the gallery, " God defend the right." For a time I chummed with Henry MacManus, and he brought me to see ireasures of art like the Hogarths in Charlemont House, the historic portraits iu Trinity Gibbons' carved ceilings at Kilmainbam, and the noble palaceB whigh •©indriii ifiS^reoted on the Liffey. In Sunday rambles with T. B. MacManis arid T. M. Hugital visited the sites where the volunteers had been reviewed[~#her^ "ijnimet wiM^tried, where OConnell defended his life against D Esterr^, \\vhere'tfre^a^holi&^-^ociation met; and oa week days I freshened my .mpressionVoi the Iriah ^riikixi^nt by looking again and again at Plunket and bushe, who had been eminen^i^ynbers of that assembly, and were now sitting at ne Four Courts. . As I'.wasviUXnpaid volunteer, I had nearly as much leisure as I jhose, and I occupied'it iif various studies. In company with James Coffey, afterwards a successful lawyer, I organised a debating society, whioh met in a vacant house in Sackville-street; a class to study French, which, unhappily, aad for teacher a German, who had published a French grammar, but understood imperfectly the art ot teaching; and a little later a sooial club, which met occasionally over a broiled bone and a moderate jorum of punoh. But, above all, I revelled in Irish history and biography. Tbe panorama of Irish resistance, rarely slackened, aever abandoned from St. Lorcan to O'Connell, passed before my imagination, and I ourned to strike a blow in that hereditary conflict. Ameng my new experiences O'Connell proved the great disillusionment. I had formed a romantic ideal of the National leader, the successor of Owen Roe, Sarsfield, and Grattan, whioh he did not at all answer. I lett the country ready to venerate and obey him; but he belonged altogether to the nineteenth century, and not at all to the region of romance in •vhich I had placed him. A praotical man of affairs, a oaustio, humorous commentator on the business of to-day, rising at times into flashes of fire, or settling down into cold logical analysis in which he caught and crushed the- case of an adversary like a caese-noix closing on a walnut. His attacks on opponents surprised me by their fierceness and vulgarity as much as by their inexhaustible humour. At a Dublin election, where he had laid about him mercilessly, assailing Mr. West, one uf tbe candidates, as Sow-West, and Recorder-Shaw, a remarkably handsome and dignified man, as a lellow whose visage would frighten a horse from his oats, the Lord-Mayor of the day, Mr. Morrison, of the famous hotel, in proposing a candidate, referred to these amenities, and observed that a stranger might suppose such a critic, tike Hamlet's father, was endowed with Hyperion curls and the front of Jove himself, instead of a wrinkled brow and a scratoh wig. For himself he would not be unwilling to compete with the demagogue before a jury of ladies if they could only dee him gs nature made him, withont the aid of the barber. This sally was received ivnh roars of applause, but, before they concluded, O Gonnell Btrode to the front of xhe platform, snatched off his wig, and, pointing to his naked head covered with a mubble of grey hair, cried—"Ladies, I demand your instant judgment." The laughter was universal, and he had the best of the enoounter at a price, I thought, the National leader ought not to have paid for it. . Coffey, who was a handsome, gentlemanly young fellow, very careful of his dress and appearance, was the cadet of the reporters; the doyen was Christy Hughes, a cheeriul, friendly old man, always Bhabbily dressed, and of almost repulsive UglinesB, ms mouth being disfigured by projecting teeth, and his cheeks the colour of beetroot. One of his colleagues, in the frank simplicity of Bohemian intercourse, described his uead as a "Beotian temple with a ' Tusk-an * pediment." There were pleasant Mtories of his adventures floating about among his comrades. In the Parliamentary recess O Connell used to attend charity dinners and make a speech on philanthropy and brotherly love which did service repeatedly in the sazne cause. One year Christy Hughes, having relished the good things at a dinner too keenly, 1 lost his note-book containing the report of O'GonnelTs speech; bat after a little bewildefment he made good the deficiency by turning back to the Bpeeoh of the previous year; cutting it'out of the file of the " Freeman" and republishing it, and nobody, it was said,, dissevered the substitution, not even O'Connell himself. Christy fond of telling a story, of an adventure in which he admitted he was beaten by tho esprit of a Dublin honsemaicl. While'the Reporters were waiting for the judges one morning in the Queep's Bench a little maiden tripped but by the judge's door to give the bench a ;laat touoh of her duster. Christy, who was the soul of fun, got up gravely, and in. : the falsetto voice not uncommon on such occasions murmured—" May it please.ybur ludship; I have a motion to make." The maiden, not a whit daunted, turned round and replied—"I take motions only in Chambers this morning, Mr. Hughes,YV , > There was a good-looking, ojever soamp^ an Eo^p^iliiiS , oonhected with Irish .journalism at ihis time. • He beezi iit <D$Ui& bat Jshddenly left town .to conduct a new journal in Galway. Aflier ft/year he ifeappeared in his oldhaunts. " What brings you here ?" one ofhis apauaSntances demanded. "Are you not .editor of the ' Galway Thunderer?'" -Bft^re^wwte, my d&r boy; the ' Galwiay Irishman.'',' "And how came you;.you-OocknjBy impostor, .tq.edit the 'Irishman?'" " Why not, my :son? ;Ijain more HibeMian^han'the Hibernians. I can spout like Burgh Quay, handle a in Irish wife; I'll trouble you to beatlhat r«K!0^4l ,, , yonr tppeful experiment, toes it still prosper . " No,'sir; that great.-jpoitnw .jvhioh. I creatail my '»rms.; '' X>iedl'' : ekolaimed -Ui joaokinjfi; of agitatoiS and^ journal." "No; tell me." " He dines with the editor every time he comes to town writes a libel once a, quarter, and never pays his subscription." I decline all responsibility for Mr. H—'a epigram, which is too good, however, to be suppressed. My honorary employment on the " Morning Kegister " was pleasantly varied by a temporary engagement as official reporter to a Eoyal Commission.' The subject on which a commission was appointed to report will help to explain the puzzling fast that the representation of the metropolis fell frequently jo men of the most unpopular politics. The Irish Reform Act had been so constructed that r« citizen of Dublin could not vote in a Parliamentary election without paying numerous rates and taxes, sometimes amounting to ae many, as ten separate payments. But the Dublin Corporation, in which a Catholic had not sat for four generations, did not consider these barriers against Popery sufficient. Some of their officers, it was alleged, had received secret instructions to absent themselves when an election was approaching, and BO render it impossible for electors to cdfhply with the law. This was the complaint which the commission was instructed to investigate. Thomas Drummond asked the editor of the " Register " to send him a competent reporter, and I was selected. When the inquiry terminated I had some personal communication with that remarkable man which I have described, elsewhere.- The report of the commission effectually promoted the reform of the Dublin Corporation, which had been long resisted by the House of Lords, but was at length accomplished. The payment of my official labours was on a scale that seemed munificent to a young man who had never earned a guinea before, and it afforded me the exquisite enjoyment of making a considerable gift to the mother who had made me so many. • Another unexpected enterprise was a mission to conduct the funeral of a tithe martyr from Dublin to Queen's County. The resistance to tithe was at that time nearly universal, and, as the recovery of the imposts by the seizure and sale of property had become very dangerous, defaulters were generally proceeded against by " writ of rebellion "—a device disinterred from the middle Bges—and sent to prison. The proseoutions were often for sums incredibly small—sometimes less than a shilling—and the popular exasperation grew intense. One man who died in prison had expressed a desire to be buried with his family, and Peter Purcell, who was then a man of decisive importance in the Precursor Society, determined that his wishes should be gratified. A public funeral was ordered, and Mr. Purcell selected James Coffey, who always stood high in his favour, and myself to accompany it on behalf of the Press and the Precursor Society. The incidents of that journey, our reception by the local leaders in the towns along the line of route, and the speeches of the young missioners, neither of whom had passed his twenty-secODd year, have not altogether faded from my memory, but the. interest has paesedl^way, and I leave them to sleep in peace. It was my first personal share fn made my heart beat fast with enthusiasm.f / ' e s Before a year in Dublin was completed an incident toli^penefl whi^rptpved very fortunate for me. I called one day at the Henry-iCreet raitee., OfBcepwhere the divisional magistrate was a namesake and an acquai^Jalatie c^f^e. y^&ase was being heard of a class which always attracts attention to the v , .. ^e religion of the State was threatened with martyrdom, ir-^v^sr^aid,Jfor Jnisj honest change of opinion. James Donnelly, a servant in the empl%jifeiifi ^of-ar gentleman resident in the suburbs, told the Bench that six months before t;e®d,become a Protestant, and had lived a life of happiness and serenity in his new illtifiinterrupted only by the ill-will of his fellow-servants, who were Catholics. About three months ago iie had received an anonymous letter, threatening his life if he did not retarn to the " true fold." A little later other letters reached him, adorned with coffins, crossbones, and similar emblems of terror and death. On the Tuesday preceding his appearance at the police court, when he was out exercising his master's horses, he met two men armed with pistols, who inquired if he had received the " warning letters." He admitted that he had, and they threatened immediate vengeance if he did not forthwith abandon the false religion. Donnelly told them that he would rather be torn to pieces by wild horses than give up the blessed light and guidance of the Gospel. One of the men immediately pulled his trigger, but the pistol did not go off, and the horses plunged and kicked so furiously that the men ran away, one of them, however, turning and flinging a heavy stone which knocked off the martyr's hat. When he got free of these assassins he rode to the police station and swore informations, and in consequence of certain j suspicions which he communicated to them the police arrested Michael Collins, then in custody. Donnelly identified Collins as the man who had snapped a pistol at him,: and affirmed that the manifest intention of his assailant was to murder him. To the j best of his belief it was on account of his change of religion that the prisoner assaulted him, and Collins must have been acquainted with the anonymous letters, for he asked complainant if he had not received them. Here was a dainty dish to set before the Converts' Protection Society. The prisoner denied the charge, and declared he had never seen Donnelly before, norjheard of him except as a man whom prisoner's sister, one of his fellow-servants, had refused to marry. The complainant was a sinister-looking fellow, and, listening to his evidence, I suspected that his story was an invention. I asked the magistrate to show me the anonymous letters, and I found several words in them misspelt, and some peculiarlyshaped letters which might identify the writer. I framed a sentence containing these words and letters, and communicated my suspicions to the magistrate, who j undertook to test the facts. He inquired if Mr. Donnelly could write ? " Yes, your worship," he replied, " the Lord be thanked, I can read and write." " Take up the pen," said the magistrate, " and I will dictate you a sentence." Mr. Donnelly took up the pen with alacrity, but after he had written a few words he suddenly became agitated, and said he would rather not write; but the magistrate insisted on his proceeding. When his manuscript was handed in to the Bench all I the words misspelt in the threatening letters were similarly spelt in the manuscript, I and all the ill-shaped letters similarly formed. The^case was adjourned till the next day, wben the complainant's master was required to attend. When this gentleman somjjared the threatening letters and the j manuscript he ordered the martyr to strip off his livery and quit his service forth- • with. The e -se was discussed in the Press, and the denouement helped to promote j me to a tie wnter position. - I soon found myself appointed Bub-editor of the " Morning Agister," and shortly afterwards I became Dublin correspondent of Whittle Harvey's " True Son," a journal then much in repute, and I was invited to write occasionally for the " Pilot," a journal published in the " Register " office. When I passed Into the editorial rank Christy Hughes, when I next encountered j him, condoled with'me in a sympathetic voice on my early fall. "Where have I > fallen from, Christy ?" I inquired. " Why, don r t you know," he replied, " when a J man is found too stupid to he a good reporter they immediately make him an editor. The " Register" was conducted at this time by HughLynar, a Northern Unitarian, who afterwards obtained public employment at the Cape of Good Hope. He was a man of integrity and capacity, who probably found the task of conducting a journal essentially Catholic rendered tolerable by the opportunity it afforded of supporting the policy of the.Mulgrave Administration. Lord Mulgrave, Lord Morpeth, and Thomas Drummond were at the Castle^and were ruling the country in a way which an enlightened Whig like Lynar could unreservedly applaud. I entered on this new employment with a feverish desire to justify my promotion, which nearly proved fatal to a constitution never robust. Rooms in the " Register " office were assigned me, and for a month together I sometimes did not cross the threshold, except on a Sunday morning, andJLynar and other friends warned me that iwould destroy myself if I did not relax this perpetual strain. The recreation which I loved best; and which all my life long continued to be a keen enjoyment, was a frank confabulation with a friend upon men and books and the eternal problems of life. Since my arrival in Dublin I made a friend—Clarence^ Miingan—•! with whom a Saturday night—the newspaper holiday—spent together till thesmall hours sounded was a-constant delight. His memory for poetry was prodigious^and he recited speeches from Byron's dramas or Shakespeare's, or long passages from Anster's "Faust" or Marlowe^ with an intensity and sympathy which resembled dramatic skill, but was something rarer and more touching. He told me from tune to time the story of his doleful life, and finally introduced me to the heroine who had nnconsciously turned that drama into a tragedy. Before I left Monaghan I was familiar with his contributions to "The Comet," "The Penny Journal,"and the • Thomas Drnminond : His Life atd Work. By E. Barry O'Brien. . __ „ „t „„,„ .„,, : t l made a. creek's visit to Loudon at this time on personal bnstoess, iwd got a hurried gan:<3 at parta and 4K«<i£k Si? Hi7riTGets and snuares which books had maSe moot familiar to my imagination. My first great m S t ^ & t a T a & ^ & i a t e d with so many ^ s ^ 1,/briniant boote. and to my amazement, I found narrow and dingy, and overcrowded with insignificant shops. T. B. MwMmns mommen^dmeM hotelTreqricnted by commercial trailers and shop assistants, and my resident tlwre fSSain JnTgMlntosociallife which Ihzfe ueyertorgotten. beSndihe counter, Iheardmore chansons graveleuses," not at all defloient in point or humour, during^ yrfiea sta^thap In -ro^Ufe before and Jn ail my life sinoe, " Dublin University Magazine;" but I got less pleasure, I believe, from his racy translations than from the mad antics, banter, anif burlesque into "which he sometimes broke. After five-and-fifty years I can still recall, not without a titalation of the midriff, his defiance of the Poet Laureate of that time to matoh his stupendous rhymes- Malmsey—and Sack-swilling Southey 1 I'm happy to see you so gloomy— Dare yon. stand forward, you shoeboy 1 and dare you attempt to outdo me ? Were you to go for to think, for to try for to beat me at lyrics, Men would,drop dead with the laughter, and women go off in hysterics 1 The achievement he had just completed was not a tragedy or an epic poem, bnt an acrostic:— , There ! it is said and done—oh 1 my enchained, enchanted Spirit I what is tbe value of all that folly has vaunted ? Poet, or doctor, or philosoph ; Magian, or Mason, or Gnostic, Never, I stake my word, transactedBO prime an acrostic !" And the poet demanded an adequate reward for his successful labour:— Waiter, I solemnly charge you to vanish and make yourself handy; And the simplest way to do that is to cadge me a bottle of brandy 1 If you've no pitcher, you sumph 1 haul in a half-gallon decanter— Haul it in here by the neck, in style, in Btate, and instanter. In another extravaganza he discoursed of philosophy in this style:— I've studied sundry treatises by. spectacled old sages Anent the capabilities and nature of the soul, and Its vagabond propensities from even the earliest ages, As harped on by Spinosa, Plato, Leibnitz, Chubb, and Toland; " But of all systems I've yet met, or, p : rhaps, shall ever meet with, Not one can hold a candle to (videlicit compete with) The theory of theories Pythogoras proposes, And called by that sublime old smudge In Greek -metemscychosis. My position on the " Register " brought me into contact from time to time with notable persons, political and literary, whom I was destined to know better in after times. One Sunday when I had sat down to lunoheon a message was brought me that a gentteman awaited me below on urgent business. To be disturbed in the only tranquil hour of a busy day was not pleasant, and I would have requested him to call later but that the messenger said he would only occupy a minute, as he was on his way to lunch at the Viceregal Lodge. When I descended I found a little, middleaged man, with pleasant smile and lively eyes, but of a countenance far from comely, and so elaborately dressed that the primrose gloves which he wore did not seem out of harmony with the splendour of his attire. But my interest was awakened in an instant when he told me his " name was Moore—Thomas Moore." He had come to ask for a proof of some words spoken the night before at the theatre on a universal call from the house. I knew the Irish melodies from boyhood. Later I had learned to taste the bitter-sweet of his political squibs, and revel in the veiled sedition of «'The Fire worshippers." There was probably no one living I would have seen with more satisfaction, and he enjoyed my sympathy. What other reward, indeed, has the secluded man of letters for a life of endless toil than the affection he awakens in youthful breasts ? Fr. Tom Maguire, who was then exceedingly popular as a successful controversialist, was another unexpected visitor—a vigorous, agile man, with abounding life in every limb. He looked like a weather-beaten missionary who had encountered, and triumphed over, all the storms of life. Modern taste would probably pronounce him unclerical, but he stood above conventionalism, and was in spirit and endowments a genuine tribune of the people. A brief visit to my mother first brought me into personal contact with a friend destined to largely influence my life. Thomas O'Hagan, whom hitherto I had only known as a young editor, was now a practising barrister at the outset of a prosperous career, and was on circuit at Monaghan when I reached that town. The good old parish priest, Dean Bellew, invited us to his table tete-d tete, and from that day a friendship commenced which was only interrupted by his death half a century later, He was four years my senior in age, and many more years in discipline and experience, and I can well recall that he looked aB much the ideal of a nobleman then, in his early manhood, as when afterwards he wore the ermine of a chancellor and the coronet of a peer. Wig and gown were not yet worn on circuit, but in the evening dress which was substituted for them his sweet, serene countenance (in which I afterwards so often found comfort and confidence in the troubles of life) seemed to me an ideal of intellectual and manly beauty. I loved and trusted him entirely from the outset, and his influence on my character constantly tended to make me more considerate' and circumspect that I might be less unworthy of my friend.* Shortly afterwards a transaction occurred in my native county in which the value of a man of the character and capacity of O'Hagan became manifest. The High Sheriff of Monagban appointed as his sub-sheriff, on whom the business of selecting juries principally fell, Sam*Gray, a notorious Orange leader, who had been tri«»d for murdering a Catholic in the broad day, and only escaped by the favour of his brethren in the jury box. Any time between the Union and the Irish administration of Mulgrave and Drummond Buch an appointment might have been made wjth perfeot impunity. It was said, indeed, that if Judas Iscariot was selected for sach an office the remonstrance of Catholics would be treated as an impertinence. But there was at length a strong, just man in authority, and when O'Hagan brought the facts under his notice immediate aotion was taken. Mr. Drummond wrote to the High Sheriff pointing out the impropriety of the appointment which he had made, and requesting that he would substitute some unobjectionable person for Mr. Gray. There was wrath and indignation among Northern squires, and consultations with the Tory leaders in Dublin. The High Sheriff, duly advised from head-quarters, at length replied that it was his undoubted right to select his deputy; neither law nor usage entitled the executive to interfere with his choice, and by his choice he was determined to abide. Drummond, in rejoinder, promptly admitted the right of the Sheriff to select his deputy, but he pointed out that the right of the Lord- Lieutenant to appoint and remove the Sheriff himself was equally beyond controversy. That right he informed the arrogfmt^S^^reeve his Excellency had thought proper to exercise by superseding him inroffisa^^^Northern gentry were frantio with amazement and indignation, andj taejtfylce of party leadentrwho had grown g rey i n office before the cominj£b'f$iS. WK£Sr;they resolved io^. checkmate the administration—to boycott it, as Vre.wotrti^ay jwKnow. An agreement was come to that no gentleman of the counfr ,w,ula#aftsen\\^ Jhold the office ftom which the patron of "Sam Gray had been j^wed.rgt ^iglike a cordial to the heart if Ulster Catholics, who had never befow&Kl k^stft^ fair play in suofa contests, to see how Drummond and his colleagiejr^e^twith^this impediment; A Catholic entleman of insignificant estate, baK^fj- giwd -%ense and good education, was immediately appointed High Sheriff, and WHWB-fifst time since a M'Mahon held the office under James II.,' a Catholic framed grand and petty panels, controlled prisons, and received the circuit judges in the " gap of the North." I was kept informed of what was beiiig done, and in the Press was able to Bpeak of the case with exact knowledge and complete sympathy.} -.-.•.- • A few months later I made a second vislt.to Monaghan, summoned to tlie death-bed.of.my mother. I saw death face to face almost, for the first time when the pale phantom struck the dearest and best of mothers. That last scene is very familiar to my memory, and there is,' perhaps, no incident In «tty life which I hare recalled so often or with such contentment as her last words—" God bless my son Charles." t I must not omit to note that my work was performed in constant ill-health, probably arising from indigesion but which I confounded with consumption, the disease of which my mother died. Sir Dominick Oorrigan, n eminent Dublin physician, who entered Parliament late in life, and was very much awake to what wasgoing on throughout the world, wrote me a letter thirty years later, which recalls my condition in 1838 better tb» my memory of.it:- : " 4Kerrion-sqnare West,Dublin, " 16th April, 1872. »llv Dei>r Ohief Secretary,—Sou will probably not recollect me, but I never can forget the incident of oar-, irst (neetlng many years ago, when you were hard at work on the Press here, and when I was hard at work at m " You*ijked'ma, and th&t was the purport of your visit, were, you going into consumption ? Thjt if you were you would work—work while you had life—to add somsthing more to the little capital you had laid by : for rour sister • that if you were not, you would make an ambltioin move, I think you said to 'TheBw, wd • von added that on my answer depended your ohoioe of life. -It was an anxious moment "tor me as well_as^for - on I did not hesitate. 1 told you you were not on the way to oonsutaption. and, thank God, my prediction has been true, and you have lived to be the clioaen of Victorto, and Victoria is really my debtor, for to mofche too^ike voujhave laboured, anfl Dublin has folly rewarile& : -me and flattered me, for, bom within her walls', taught at her schools, and passing fty life among the p^op'.e. she has ohoseu jne us her representatlw, nd I now sit for her in the Souse of Oonuniins. . .* - .' ,. . ' _,„ ' _ " __ ; -If vou were among us nowl Jbhinkyou Wfld pity in. .We have e have at one time some Fenians fancying they are to Uberate the oouutry. - They furnish enough informers r tohane orshoot the others... . . I am sure it is timeior me torsive tone, and all I can do is toi apotegtae,^? o you for thus trespassing on your time, and to say that l have no excuse to Offer for. it but the reool.ertlon. of times aud the hope that if. we do not soon ouraelves fmp^ra rfcero w eip; good from our blood in Australia.—Believe me, falthfuiiyyonj«, , least the^ooMotattoiujf * 'D. n J x OOBBXCfUr," Me flnt; e8 in a daily paper, tfhteh never altogether catteS 3fty oi flig^t, -were very t r ^ Mv deliveranoe from this slavery cometo me in thisway. Therewas a ? i m/immmUmoDS palitioal parties in Ulster, The Belfast Conservatives had SLrilLc BaK Profesior oft Politick Economy in Trinity College, and editor f thn Dublin University Magazine," to conduot a new .Conservative journal for them and the Catholics of Newry had been fortunate enough to seoure the aid of m^ZZ, O'Ha^an to write leaders for their local journal, founded by a Protestant the once famous John Morgan. The Catholics of Belfast, who amounted to iwt and included several men of opulenoe, determined to have a journal of their and thev sent a deputation to Dublin to find an editor with the help of ordnnell O Connell recommended T. M. Hughes, bat he detlined to live in Knlfest and finally I was chosen, and. as the new journal was to be a bi-weekly one, I was relieved for ever from the exhausting slavery of a daily paper. The leaders of the Monaghan Liberal Olub, who knew me from birth, entertained me at a public dinner in my native town to launch ma in my career with a parting hurrah In the half century that followed I sat at many feasts, but the exquisite flavour and intoxicating odour of the first never returned. I was then twenty-three vears of age, in impaired health, but devoured with ambition to do something memorable for Ireland. My apprenticeship to journalism was short, not exceeding three years, and henceforth I was called on to exercise authority instead of obeying it. (To be continued.)