MY LIFE IN TWO HEMISPHERES. ? BJ the HON. SIK CHARLES 6AVAN DUFFY, K.C.M.G. BOOK SECOND.—CHAPTER IV.—(Continued). I have written elsewhere in detail for those who eare to read the history of this dire calamity and the efforts made in vain to stimulate the people into saving themselves. What we wanted was a national organisation capable of speaking w|th authority both to the Government and the people, and that effectual weapon had been taken oat of onr hands. I will cite from my former narrative only one paragraph describing the state of the country when the secession took place:— " The condition of Ireland at the opetaing of the year 1847 is one of the most painfol chapters in the annals of mankind. An industrious and hospitable race were now in the pangs of a devouring famine. Deaths of individuals, of husband and wife, of entire families were now beooming common. The potato blight had spread from the Atlantic to the Caspian, but there was more suffering in one parish of Mayo than in all the rest of Europe. From Connaught, where distress was greatest, there came batches of inquests, with the horrible verdict, ' Died of starvation!' In some 6ases the viotims were buried ' wrapped in a coarse coverlet,' jjgcpffin being too costly a luxury. The living awaited death with a listlessnessijrfiictowtjsvat once tragio and revolting. Women, with dead children in their anqs, 6eee-®WE6gging for a coffin to bury them. At Skibbereen, in the fruitful -county '^'Cork/wa^-jseaportfl were thronged with vessels laden with corn, cattle and butta^r Imlandv&ie'mte colleotor told a more tragic tale. Some houses he found deaertedri^he Qjsyers hji£A>een carried to their graves. In one cabin there was no other oocupiajit thai^hree-ej^pseB; in a once prosperous home a woman and her children had iWf/deaa-jifad toburied for a week; in the fields a man was discovered so fearfully ma^ed_htfAogklihpt identification was impossible. The Relief Committee of the Soeiety^fjlViepasjasbcribed the state of the town in language which it was hard to read with dry The people were dying of the unaocustomed food which mocked their prayer for cfaily bread, and were carried to the graveyard in a coffin from which the benevolent strangers who had come to their relief had to drop them like dead dogs, that they might be a covering for the next corpse in ita turn. "This place is one mass of famine, disease and death. The poor creatures, hitherto trying to exist on one meal per day, are now sinking under fever and bowel complaints, unable to come for their soup, which is not fit for them. Bice is what their whole cry is for, but we cannot manage this well, nor can we get the food carried to the houses from dread of infection. I have got a coffin, with movable Bides, constructed to convey the bodies to the churchyard in calico bags prepared, in which the remains are wrapped up. I have just sent this to bring the remains of a poor creature to the grave, who, having be*n turned out of the only shelter she had—a miserable hut—perished the night before last in a qua/rry."* " The people saw the harvest they had reared carried away to another country without an effort, for the most part, to retain it. The sole food of the distressed class was Indian meal, which had paid freight and storage in England, and had been obtained in exchange for English manufactures. Under a recent law, framed with malice propense, a peasant who accepted public relief forfeited his holding, arid thousands were ejected under this cruel provision. But landowners were not content with one process alone; they closed on the people with ejectments, turned them on the roads, and plucked down their roof-trees. In more than one county rents falling due in November for land, which no longer yielded food to the cultivator, were enforoed in January. In the south-west the peasantry had made some frantic efforts to clutch their harvest, and to retaliate for their sufferings in blind vengeance—but the law carried a sharp sword. Eight counties or parts of counties were proclaimed, and a Special Commission, after a brief sitting in Glare and Limerick, left eleven peasants for the gallows."! . The " Nation " insisted on retaining the food in the country, and reiterated its conviction that if the National organisation was still strong and unbroken they could, and ought, to forbid exportation if Parliament would not. The philosophy of our duty was, it seemed to me, very simple. If Ireland was an integral part of the Empire the resources of the Empire ought to be freely applied to her protection; if she was only a conquered province, she owed the Bame fidelity to the Empire that a prisoner owes to his gaoler. But the young men were itppeded at every step by the base falsehood"which represented them as agents of anarchy, and Conciliation Hall was ready on the first alarm to point them out as dabbling in the blood of the people. The Parliament and the Government, the people were assured, would protect them, and Bepeal could not be far distant if only they turned a deaf ear to these tempters. The young men exhausted all peaceful means of help. We personally appealed to the young Conservatives, and Smith O'Brien appealed to the more generous landlords, to shelter their fellow-countrymen from destruction. Butt and Lefanu answered promptly, and Ferguson and Sir Colman O'Loghlen united with them and us in getting together an Irish Council with the sole purpose of inducing the Government and the people to combat the famine. But the Government were deaf, and little was effected. The Irish Council associates itself in my memory with failures sometimes ludicrous. For example, Mitchel, who'became chairman of a sub-committee of Food Supplies, proceeded with a confidence in the middle olasses whioh was ill-bestowed. He sent a circular to the boards of guardians throughout the island, summoning each of them to furnish an estimate of the quantity of food produced in the district. The guardians had no training in this sort of work, and it may be doubted if O'Connell, in the height of bis power, or the Local Government Board at any time, could have extracted such a return from them. What happened in this case was that so much as one board of guardians in the island did not send an answer to thejippeal. They neither aided us nor explained their refusal, but from Donegal to the Cove of Cork ignored the application altogether. The other failure was Darcy M'Gee's, He took a strong interest in the Dublin artisans, and thought they might be helped by a pledge to use only national manufacture, and had his design entirely rained by a dishonest stroke apparently intended to promote it. O'Gorman Mahon, who since the decay of O'Connell had been gradually stealing back into public life, was one of the tellers on a division, and reckoned the ayes in this fashion—" Twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, forty, forty-one," and so on. "By G , sir," he whispered to M'Gee, "I have added ten to your score." M'Gee knew the value of a majority so obtained, and the project was carried no further. Oat of this friendly association, and under the influence ©( Smith O'Brien, no doubt, many of the gentry began to talk a sort of conditional and speculative nationality. If England did so and so, and Irish Nationalists did something else, then we should see what we should see. A few of them certainly meant serious • work,notably Boss, of Bladensburg; Mr. Chetwode, a man of English birth; and John George Adair, a cultured young squire just entering upon manhood, and who seemed destined to follow in the footsteps of Arthur O'Connor and Edwa,rd Fitzgerald. Bat the French Bevolation, when it came, extinguished this patriotism in a anio, except in the case of Adair, who persevered steadily. At a later period, Eowever, the murder of his land agent drove him to savage reprisals, but I have never doubted that at this time he was full of the spirit which possessed his class in 1782. Ferguson's confidence in some immediate help from the gentry outlasted that of his companions. It was pathetic to witness his continual and quite hopeless efforts to inflame their patriotism, like a man labouring to kindle a vesta by rubbing the end where there was no phosphorus. While I still hoped in the council I endeavoured to interest the Northern Tenant-Bighters in it, but Dr. M'Knight, who was now residing in Derry, as editor of the " Derry Standard," had no confidence in the landlords, and was not prepared, like the Southern Tenant-Bighters, for a national movement. He waB, perhaps, the most influential layman in Ulster, as he afterwards effectually proved himself; but he was the sort of Northern Presbyterian of whioh Englishmen know nothing. A man with a warm sympathy for the old literature of the conntry, with an equal contempt for greedy landlords and the retinue of "meanwhites," with whiohthe Orange lodges so often famished them—simply ah Irish Presbyterian, who loved Ms native land heartily, but was frightened by the spectre of Pepielrascendenoy. His time for a publio career was coming, but it had not yet come. ~ • This is an extract from the report of W. T. Forster, afterwards Chief Seoretary for Ireland, at that time a yoting Quaker fall of benerolertog and humanity. t Tear* of msfe Jiwtory. 1 1 Derry, 28th June, 1847. "Dear Duffy,—I had written the greater part of a letter to you more than a week ago, bnt did not get it finished, and, more than half ashamed of the delay which has taken place, I have to begin again de novo. "Our people are not inclined to associate with the tenant-right agitation any political object whatever, and if the Mnnster League advocate tenant-right and Bepeal, their real object and those which they profess are widely different. Ours is an association of men of all parties, but if their wishes shall be systematically frustrated there is amongst them spirit enough not to die tamely. If, however, I correctly understand the terms of your note, the Landlord'party, who are approximating to your views, are doing so in the expectation of reciprocal support. I am very sore that the Northerners would see every description of nationality everlastingly d d, which would merely transfer them from one class of social despots to another —from a Landlords' Combination in London to a Landlords' Parliament in Dublin. Daniel O'Connell, during the latter years of his life, repeatedly forsook the people and tried to pander to the landed aristocracy, and if his successors shall adopt a similar line of policy they will inevitably go to—pot. All black-moathed Presbyterian as I am, I have about me, perhaps, as much of Milesian feeling as the bulk of my countrymen of another class ; but, except for purposes of poetry, I would repudiate a Milesian just as bitterly as a Sassenach landlordism, which should trample down the masses into veritable slavery. " The ' Irish Council' have taken up one branch of the tenant-right agitation, viz., that relating to compensation for improvements, but they have still the subject of 1 fixity of tenure' to discuss, and if they put this upon a generous and sufficiently comprehensive basis they will deserve some credit from the country. I am glad to Bee my old school-fellow, Sam Ferguson, beginning to 1 look alive' in publio. He is a right clever fellow, and I hope he is succeeding in his profession. I have not seen his pamphlet noticed in the last' Nation,' and to which Chalmers refers in the 1 North British Review.' If he would send me a copy I would review it for him according to its merits. " Is there anything doing in the way of Celtic literature ? I have had no opportunity of adding to my small stock of Irish books, and, with the exception of Walsh's late work, one-half of which is a slavish reprint from Hardiman, the publishers do not send me works of this description—a neglect which, on their part, is very absurd. At one time you hinted something about the publication of a comprehensive Irish Dictionary. I wish something of this kind was undertaken by competent hands, on the plan of the great work published by the Highland Society of Scotland. Above all things, the ancient dialects ought to be systematised and preserved, as their importance is incalculable for the purposes of comparative philology. . " We are to have another tenant-right meeting on Wednesday, but it will be a business rather than an oratorical assemblage.—I am, dear Duffy, with sincere regard, very truly yours, "JAMES M'KNIGHT." (To be continued).