CUAPTElt VIII. A v "..1 '-i_v.- "ri.".. ».1... :_ -iii!--_ Acout; two noars ai tor tue issue of the news paper containing tho paragraphs I have quoted was exhausted, tho promised extraordinary made its appearance ; and tho eagerness with which it was bought up testified to tho absorbing nature of the intorest in the mystery of Julia Crawford's death. The " frosh developments," too, were of a nature to add fuel to tho excitement already kindled. They wore the' results of a fresh interview with Captain Jackson. This interview was for tho purpose of discovering whether he had passed a sailing vessel in his passage between Brisbane and Soltary Island. Though not unexpected, his answer was some what startling. It was " Yes, about forty-five miles out from Brisbane and at about a quarter past 7 o'clock in the even 1 ing we passed a sailing vessel. Thero was a dead calm, and the vessel was lying to. We passed her within hailing distance ¡ but as it was very dark-the sky having clouded after sunset-1 could only dimly make out her size and shape. But as far as I did so. she answered to the description of tho Susan Martin. And, in fact, I have no doubt it was that vessel." "About how lontr afterwards was it, do you think, when the drowning-or what was supposed to be a drowning-took place ?" " Not ten minutes, I should say. Possibly not more than five." "Then you were about half a mile from the vessel when you pulled up?" " Not more, I should say. We were going at the rate of six or seven knots an hour." " Do you think the captain'could make you out at that distance ?" " He would see our light, for, though dark, there was no fog. Seeing that stationary, and hearing the whistle, he must have become aware that an accident of some kind had occurred. I have an idea that he did so, and that he dis patched a boat to learn its . nature and offer assistance. It did not reach the spot until we had left, of course, as we saw. nothing of it. But I have no doubt it did what our boats had failed to do-that is, rescue Miss Ferrers, or Crawford, as I believe that was her real name." " You think, thou, that she was taken out of the water alive ?" " I do think so. I cannot, of course, be positive on that point-but the state of the body certainly favors that conclusion." When the parting between Maggie and her husband came to pass, she went through the ordeal far more quietly than Dr. Hilston had dared to hope. But, that Bha suffered acutely, even the officers who effected the arrest, were fully aware ; and were thoughtful enough to turn their backs, while the parting was-taking ; place. They held each other in silence for a ' moment, and then Dr. Hilston whispered " Good-bye, my darling, my wife. God bless , you and comfort you, my own love ! " And Maggie whispered back : " Good-bye, my , dearest. It is only for a little while, a very little while, and then I shall have you back again." - A long, clinging kiss followed. And then Dr. Hilston was walking between two police men, with " gyves upon his wrists," to 1 the vehicle waiting to convey him to the ' police station. Maggie stood watching it from , the window till it passed out. of sight. She still j stood there for some minutes after, apparently i noticing the pattern of the pretty curtains, but , in reality seeing a picture of her hus band walking to the vehicle waiting for him, with a policeman on either Bide of him. She seemed to be wondering too how it was that it looked BO little like an arrest. There was such dignity in his walk, and so much of respect in the attitude of the officers, that it would have been easy to think he was going to his carriage, attended by servants. - . . , They had been seated at breakfast when the policemen entered the room. But they had made scarcely a pretence of eating. For Dr. Hilston had glanced at the HERALD, and knew that his arrest could not long be delayed. Indeed, he was surprised, after seeing the accounts in the paper, that it had not taken place already. He was, however, not aware that tho houso had been watched, all night, and that if he had attempted to leave it he would have been immediately arrested. He did his best, after glancing at tho paper, to prepare his wife-his bride of three weeks-for the inevitable separation. And they sat with beating hearts, though smiling lips, until tho policemen made their ap pearance. Maggie turned at last from tho window and looked with a shudder at the breakfast table, where she and her husband had been seated, at their first breakfast together in a house of their own ! After that one look she hurriod out of tho room with a choking lump in her throat. When her aunt came in half an hour after wards she found her, face downwards, on her bed, sobbing bitterly. She looked up eagerly, as Mrs. Halliday's step sounded in the room, and then turning her face downwards again, broke into a fresh agony of sobbing. Her aunt said no word of greeting ; but, sitting beside the bed, laid her arm over Maggie's shoul der, and so remained till the sobbing wore itself out. Being a sensible as well as a loving-hearted woman, she knew that, in the face of such a grief as Maggie's, silence was best. But she knew also that there was a time to speak, as well as a time to refrain, and when her silent sympathy had done its work she bent over her niece and said " My dear, I know how sad a trial this is for you. But I know, too, that you will be a brave girl, and not give way too much. For your dear husband's sake, I know you will try to keep up." " Oh, auntie, if I could only go to him ; or do something to help him ! But there's nothing that I can do-nothing ! And I can't be with him, to help him bear it," Maggie said, turning a piteously tear-stained face towards her aunt. " You can't be with him, it is true dear. But there is something you can do for him." " What is it aunt ?" "Your uncle has gone to engage a lawyer. And he will give him all the information in his power ; but the lawyer will need to consult you too. It will be much better if he sees you look ing hopeful than looking despondent-don't you think so, my dear ?" " Yes, aunt. He shall not see me crying, you may be sure." Getting up, Maggie bathed her face till the traces of tears had almost disappeared. Then, turning to her aunt, she said, " Shall I have to go and see the lawyer this morning, auntie ? Will you go with me ? I can be ready in a few minutes." "That will not be necessary, my dear. But I want you to get ready to come home with me. I want you to stay with me till-as long as your husband is away." "Oh, auntie, I couldn't do that! Thank you very much for asking me. But I promised Harry Iwould stay here-in the bomehebrought me to until he comes back to me;" and, then, seeing a look of surprise on her aunf s face, she added, "He didn't ask me to stay. He didn't even wish it at first, because he thought of the pain and loneliness for me. But we talked it over, and I got him to agree for me to stay here and wait for him. As long as I do that aunt, people will know that I believe in his innocence. But, if I went away they might think differently. So you see, auntie, dear, don't you, that it is better for me to stay here ?" " I think you are right, my dear. But it will, be so sad and lonely for you. I wish I could i come to you. But your uncle's gout is worse. ! I'm afraid I couldn't do it." j (TO EE CONTINUED.)