The Awakening. A.N AUSTRALIAN STORY. (WRITTEN FOR TBE TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL.") (BY "M? A. 0."; CHAPTER I. Dick Devereux thought Yamba a very dull plaoe. He had' made up his mind to stay a week, and he generally did what he made up his mind to do ; yet be was d's tinotly conscious of a sinking of heart when he found that the next steamer for Sydney did not leave till Tues day-four days yet. He recollected with surprise that he had been glad to get out of Sydney. It had been very hot, and thé business for which he had come out from England had not been very agreeable. After two months of it (summer mon the, too, January and February) ho felt that he must have a change, and arranged to be absent for three weeks. He intended to spend them in the Blue Mountains, but unfortunately a well-meaning adviser caused him to do otherwise. " Oh, don't go to the Blue Mountains," he said to Dick ; " everybody goes there, and you could easily run up for a few days out of Sydney any time. You want to see something of Australian life, especially if you mean to go back to England in six months' time. I'll tell you what to do. Go north, and stop with my friends the Hudsons on the Clarence Elver. You'll see the bush, know what real bush life is, without being away west beyond the pale of civilisation, and you'll see the run of a cattle station. Capital fellow, Hudson nice woman his wife. They'll be delighted to have a visitor, proud to show an English man their country. Do go, I'm sure you'll enjoy it." It sounded attractive, and after a short discussion Dick agreed. He was to go by train to Glen Innes, then by coach to Grafton-which would be a new expe rience, and tho scenery was said to be grand-then to go by steamboat down to a point on the river at which Hudson would meet him with the buggy. Yes, it certainly was more original than going by train to Katoomba and stoppiugat a hotel. One could do that sor t of thing in S wi tzerland, or the English lakes. He started, there fore, for his three weeks' holiday alone but cheerful. Glen Innes seemed a dull place, he thought. He was glad to spend only one night there. There had been a good deal of rain lately, but the coach driver pronounced the Grafton-road to be " pretty good." Dick Devereux, no doubt, had English ideas about roads ; but several times during that 23-hour drive, when they travelled through swamps or followed deep tracks through the grass, he wondered where " the road " was. Grafton 1 "Well, it was not looking its best, he was told, as it had recently been flooded. But at last he reached Woolingera Station, and was warmly welcomed by Mr. Hudson and Iiis wife. Hudson was a capital fellow, but he was always busy on the station ; Mrs. Hudson was a charming woman, but she was always busy in the house. Dick had brought very fewbooks with bim,considering them out of place on a holiday tour and lug gage a nuisance. He did not care for riding, and found duck-shooting and kangaroo hunting very tame, consequently he waB bored to death. At last it occurred to him that as he intended going back to Sydney by steamer, it would be a happy thought to spend his last week at the Clarence Heads. The Hudsons said that Yamba was considered a delightful place to stay at by all the inhabitants of the Clarence River district. There was a very nice boarding house on the top of the hill looking on to the sea. And now he was here, more bored than ever. He had arrived on Friday by the midday boat. Another came in on Saturday even ing, and he went down the hill to meet it, in order to make some inquiries for a Grafton lady, who was staying in the boarding-house. What an uninteresting boatload of passengers! But stay, there was a handsome refined-looking lady, and aotually quite a pretty girl with her. They seemed to be rather at a IOSB for something. Dick went up to them, aud lifted his hat. " Are you waiting for anyon o ?" he asked, " can I be of any use?" " Thank you," replied the elderly lady, with stately politeness, "we are going to Mrs Pattonden'e boarding-house, and I understood that a cart or buggy would meet us to convey our luggage." " Oh, Mrs. Rowland," struck in the girl eagerly, " I am sure that must be Mrs. Pattenden's buggy waiting there in the road. Do let me go and ask ?" " I think it is," said Dick. " Allow me to fetoh the man." In a few minutes he had arranged everything ; the luggage was in the buggy, and he was escorting Mrs. Rowland and her young companion up the steep sandy hill. The latter was delighted with the flowers which grew plentifully along the track, and ran about over the heavy sand to pick them almost as lightly as the beautiful young collie dog which Hudson had insisted upon giving Dick as a parting present. "If you find you can't keep him in town, or if YOU are returning to England," he said, '»you can always sell him. He's a well-bred dog and a handsome one, and would fetch a good price in Sydney, I'll be bound. It's a pity you shouldn't have him when you have taken such a fancy to one another." " Well, he does look as if he'd like to come with me," Dick had replied, ** doesn't he ? There's a sort of yearning look in his eyes, as if be hadn't found his vocation in following cattle. He might find it in Sydney." .» And he would be company for you," added Mrs. Hudson, as if Sydney were a desert compared to the Clarence River. So Dick took him, and was grateful, for he was fond of dogs, with t' eir unob trusive sympathy and affection. .* Are all the walks at Yamba as sandy as this ?" asked Mrs. Rowland of Dick, as he walked sedately beside her, carrying the handbag which he would on no account trust to the man who drove. " It must be tiring to go far." " I don't know much about the place," he replied. " I only arrived here yester day. But the beach seems the favorite place for walking." " And Í3 it your first visit ?" " My first visit to Australia," he an swered. " Indeed ? That must be very interest ing. And what are your first impressions ? No doubt you are much struok by the bush scenery ? ' " Oh, yes, I am," replied Dick, emphati cally ; " very muoh struck." There was something suspiciously like sarcasm in his tone. Mrs, Rowland looked at him. " Do you not admire it?" she asked. " But perhaps you have not seen the best. What have you seen ?'' -*.« I have sean the Clarence River," said Dick, solemnly. " I do not know the Clarence River," she said. " We Game from Brisbane, and have only sesn the banks coming down to-day ; but there were some beautiful views. And the green of the sugarcane is so fresh and vivid. What is the bush like? What trees flourish best ?'' "Gum trees," said Dick, " and gum trees, and gum trees," " Oh, surely there must be others as well," said his companion with a smile. " Oh, yeB, I forgot ; there are ti-treea, to be sure, there are ti-treee. The bit of bush, scenery I best remember is a ti-tree swamp. It was-a-striking. We were riding home, myhostand I, after lookingup some cattle I have been staying at a small cattle station, Mr. Hudeon's-he was leading the way. He went plunging ahead through the water, and I followed. All round us were those untidy trees, every oue of them peeling as if they were just recovering from scarlet fever, you know how I mean, all the white bark hanging in strips round their tall thin stems, and away on the horizon the sun was setting as red as blood. Those ragged white trees, the waste of water, and the red rays-it waa crude, dis tinctly crude." " It must have been a weird sight," said Mrs. Rowland, not quite knowing how to take their description. «« But have you really seen nothing prettier ?" " Oh, certainly, I saw a pretty gully or so. Bangalow palms are worth looking at, and the box is a tine tree. But I must confess that the Australian "bush chiefly impressed me with a. feeling of monotony and dreariness." " Oh, that is too bad j isn't it, Mrs. Row land ?" cried a voice at his elbow ; and, [looking round, Dick saw that the young j girl had joined them with her hands full of flowers. " What kind of bush can you have seen, then ? You should see the real scrub. Shouldn't he, Mrs. Rowland ? Oh, such lots of kinds of trees, all crowding together. The people that live there can't name half of them, and the creepers growing all over them. And, then, the palms j the tree ferns. Oh, it's glorious 1 Such masses of beautiful things, and all so wild and tangled, you don't know what to say or do, it feels so--so-" She broke off suddenly, drew in a quiok breath, and then stopped to gather one of those white starry flowers which seem to blossom all the year round in New South Wales. " But, my dear child," said Mrs. Row land, "you are very enthusiastic and ad mire everything. It is all knew to you, you know, but-." But the girl had oaught sight of some flannel flowers a little way off the track, and hastened after them, the collie following excitedly. ["However, the scrub on the coach road between the Richmond and the Tweed Rivers is very fine," abe observed, turning to Dick. " You could not possibly de scribe that as monotonous. And I thin& you would admire the scenery on the Tweed. ,It is just below the border range of Queensland, you know." A quarter of an hour's walk brought them to the top of the sandy ridge, and they were suddenly in sight of the sea. Mrs. Pattenden's boarding-house stood just above a little bay, bordered on one hand by rooks, on the other by sandhills, and across the sandhills was another larger bay with a beautiful beach. " My young friend will be very excited when she sees the sea," remarked Mrs. Rowland, when Diok told her they were nearly in sight of it. " She has never seen it except once when we went by steamer down the Brisbane River into Moreton Bay. She is longing to see a real beach with waves breaking on it." ¡ " Well, she will see it long before we do, apparently," observed Dick, looking with a smile at the two rapid walkers ahead of them. " Your dog seems to have deserted you," remarked Mrs. Rowland. " Oh, he's young," said his master, " and likes anyone who is lively. Here Giotto !'' and he whistled. The dog Btarted, looked round, stood Btill a moment with ears pricked ; then, with a decisive shake of the head, he whisked round and bounded after the young girl once more. " H'm ! that's what they cali the faith ful companion of man," observed Dick, Í* Well, if she goes off out of the way in her raptures at first sight, of the sea, I daresay he will bring her back." "Oh, she won't go away !" exclaimed Mrs. Rowland. "I expect she will come back to us to tell us how glorious it is, and to hurry us on to see it too." But when they reached the top of the ridge, the girl was sitting quietly on the grass with her arm round the dog, both gazing earnestly over the sea. She did not stir or look round when they came up, so Mrs. Rowland and Dick stood for some few minutes looking at the view, and he pointed out to her the lighthouse, the sand* hills, the other head on the opposite side of the river, and various landmarks, finally also Mrs. Pattenden's boarding-house-a simple wooden building with verandahs on every side. "Why, we are just thera !" exclaimed' Mrs. Rowland. "Come, Eva, we had better lose no time in getting there. We can see this from the house, and to-morrow we will see over the lighthouse and go on to the long beach." She certainly was a handsome old lady, and there was a delightful repose about her manner, Dick took pleasure in look ing at her during tea ; but towards the end of the meal he found that his attention had wandered to her younger companion. She had not struck him at first as anything more than "a pretty girl," .and it was a good while since he had seen one. But all her movements and gestures were so grace ful-perfectly free and careless, but lovely as the bowing of poppies in the breeze or the flight of a little bird-that he found a fascination in watching her. Did she but turn her head or move her j hand, or even raise her eyes, there was something pretty about the way she did it ; and what charmed most was the evident absence of self-consciousness in it all. They went upstairs almost as soon as tea was finished, and Dick returned to his hopeless study of Mrs. Pattenden's scantily filled bookcase, while two young ladies opened the piano and performed a duet, interspersed with many remarks and giggles, intended to draw his attention. At last it became too much, and he saun tered out on to the grass in front of the house, lighting a cigar as he went. (TO BE CONTINUED.) £1,300,000 worth of pickles and sauces are exported from England to other countries yearly.