MY LIFE IN TWO HEMISPHERES. By the HON. SIR CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY, K.C.M.G; BOOK V.—CHAPTER 331. IN THE MEW PARLIAMENT. The making of Victoria now commenced, and I need not hesitate to say that for a uarter of a century I took as large a share as any man living or dead in that reprouctive work. But I am not writing the history of the colony, or of its party conflicts, but my personal memoirs, and I will concern myself only with transactions in which I was engaged, and which had some permanent consequences, or which illustrate ignificantly the condition or growth of the country. Before the session commenoed, the Governor, who was now Sir Henry Barkly, held a levde, of which I find a note in my diary:— " The New Year and the new Governor held a joint levde to-day. * Full dresB' in Melbourne means anything from the silk stocking, buckled shoes, and unexceptional toilet of the Speaker, to the soiled white trousers and vest of old P , and his cocked hat, of the class long abandoned to coachmen and leprechauns. He was the most ludicrous figure there, and made one rejoice he got promoted out of the Assembly. The Governor looks a fairly good figurehead of the Stateship, and if the engineer and sailing master have the needful skill, we shall have a prosperous voyage. The new Parliament opened with whatever ceremony and state the colony could furnish. The day was proclaimed a holiday; the soldiers of the 41st Regiment, the Volunteer Artillery, and Rifles were drawn out. Flags and banners streamed from the houses in the line of procession, bands enlivened the scene. The corporation, headed by the mayor, the judges in their robes, the itown councillors in their uniforms, the foreign consuls looking as like ambassadors as they could contrive to do, and the Governor, accompanied by a staff and escorted by volunteer cavalry, arrived at a Chamber crowded with ladies. The military display was very unparliamentary, but this was a harmless blunder; a more serious one fixing the relation of the House to the Exeoutive Government followed. The Chief Secretary announced that the Governor, when he reached the Council, would " command " the attendance of our HOUBO. The Speaker sent the clerk to me with a scrap of paper on which he had written, " Are we to be commanded ?" I consulted O'ShanasBy and Chapman, and we frankly told the official leader of the House that this phraseology could not be permitted. After some negotiation the Governor " requested " our attendance. The Ministry were men of respectable capacity, good character, and reasonably good intentions, but some of them were very prejudiced against popular liberty, and they were all (except tbe Chief Secretary) responsible for a system of government on the goldfields which had fallen with a crash, but was still detested. They had been appointed from Downing-street, or by a Governor nominated from Downing-street, and the current of popular system ran high against them. They brought into the Chamber a larger proportion of paid officers than I have ever seen in any legislature, and they had little other steady support but from the squatters who relied upon them to protect their tenure of the public lands, and the bankers who thought they were the only bulwark against a democratic-digger Government with which we were constantly threatened by alarmists. The Chief Secretary, Mr. Haines, had been educated at Oxford, and was designed to be a doctor, but in Australia he purchased land and settled down to the quiet life of a gentleman farmer. He waB notable for a character without stain, and the cordiality which springs from a generous nature. His position in the Legislature somewhat resembled Lord Althorp's in the House of Commons. Men did not count upon him to do anything original or striking, but they were confident he would do nothing that was vicious. The mining members were at this time a third of the House, but it is a curious and suggestive fact that though men who had lived on the goldfields came to office from time to time, generally one at a time, the Digger Government which appalled the minds of capitalists neither then nor ever after came into existence.* It was plain to an experienced eye that there was no party organisation among the Opposition; they had elected no officers. Mr. O'Shanassy was tacitly accepted as leader, but there was no secretary to summon the party, and no "Whip to secure their punctual attendance. When there are not great political passions at work the political activity of a new country is like the movements of an ant hill, and the absence of permanent relations in public or private life robs it of one of the centres round which party combinations gradually form. In other respects the meeting of the new Assembly was a pleasant surprise to me. Though I had come recently from the House of Commons, and had in memory the encounters between its leaders, and the fundamental fact whioh is always its chief attraction, that there are men there who are experts on every subject of human interest—often men who never open their lips in debate, but can tell you, if they choose, all that is requisite to know of the mysteries of politics, commerce, literature and ecienoe. I was rejoiced to recognise that in this Assembly there were men who understood the interests of Australia, and, perhaps, the agencies which make a country prosperous, as well as any man in the new Palace of Westminster understood MB wider range of duties. The Chamber consisted chiefly of barristers, attorneya, doctors, squatters, miners, and wholesale traders. Shortly after this Parliament had assembled I asked the Government, who were proposing an extension of the franchise, whether they intended to accompany it by a kindred and equally urgent reform—an abolition of the property qualification for members of tbe Assembly. The Chief Secretary replied that they did not, and I immediately gave notice of a bill of my own for this purpose. The reform was a very necessary one, as the qualification in Victoria was the most restricted in tbe world. In England Mr. Bright J&d-.qu|$ft!^.out of his mill, another member out of a deposit receipt for £10,000, but necessary to have an income arising out of real property situated in the co}ony/ r "Shore was no property qualification inFranee, in Belgium, in the Unfee^States, or.ip.WmOBt any colony in the empire. Was Victoria likely to hold the fQMjmoBtjplace,she ambitioned in the march of freedom if she continued to maintain tWiyateip.? ItijwiB said a member of Parliament ought to have an interest in the s\\il;jrat wto, E^ked, ought he ? The judge, the naval at military commander, or tWdmlomfad&ent has as serious duties to perform, but no one expected this qualifica^ififromth'eifl/ A property qualification was not required in Scotland, or in the .EnghWjj^BVnniversities; it was abolished in order that competent men might not be 8htrt£oafrof Parliament by the want of it. This was the principle I desired to apply in Victoria. What reason was there to expect that the diggers, for example, who paid half a million to the revenue, should be owners of freehold ? or the members of the learned professions ? And were they not men who oueht to be in Parliament ? There was another reason for desiring the reform which needed to be handled delicately; the rigid system produced, as such a system commonlv does, a crop of evasions, and there were many bogus qualifications. The result of mv proposal was satisfactory. A local journal of the period, the " Age, say*— '* Apropos of Mr. Duffy and Parliamentary business, it w rather remarkable that he has been the first to lead the Opposition to victory against the Goverament, and the first to get a bill carried through all its stages." Th.s was a bill to abolish tbe property qualification required by members of the Assembly. The Ministry opposed it and were defeated; but though beaten on a vital point in the Constitution, they did not resign office. The most important of the provincial journals which had. supported the Government up to that time deolared that their inane polioy m thuj[business foreshadowed their speedy fall. The Opposition were much encouraged by this success The next measure I took in hand was the federation of the colonies. I proposed tbe appointment of a seleot committee to consider the necessity of federation and the best means of bringing it about.f The Government assented on this occasion, and' tbe Commissioner of Customs, Mr. Childers, afterwards so well known in the House, of Commons, became a member and took a genuine interest in the question. TKecommittee waB judioiously chosen, for if the twelve members ten afterwards becanje; Ministers of Srate, and three of them, in the fulness of time, Prime Ministers. The , committee consisted of— * The ftdmiBBionof mining members was aretem effected in the old Council; original^ there -were no members conferred on the • : . ^ 16th January, 1857, Mr. Gavan Duffy, Chairman. Mr. O'Shanaesy Mr. Griffith Mr. Childers. ?r Va u Mr. Moore Mr. Harker Mr- Miohie Mr. Foster Mr. Syme M r - M'Culloob. Mr. Home It will be convenient to pursue the subject at once to the end of the aeBsion. After deliberations extending over several months the committee reported, specif fying the motives for federation, and the best method of bringing it about. The rote and delay created by competing tariffs, naturalisation laws, and land systems ^ e^sed as well as the rival schemes of immigration, and of ocean poetage th clumsy £nd inefficient method of communicating with each other ud with th.Home Government on public business, by which bo much time and force were wasted, Sdstant«d expensive system of judicial appeal. By becommg confederatea so early in their oareer the Australian colonies, it was manifest, would SunSy economise their strength and resources, and each of the existing S ^ would be enabled earlier to apply Itedf, wiflumt eonfliofc or jeaSoW. to the. SecM industry which its position and resources rendered most profitaUe. It was ^mmlded that the colonies possessing Responsible Government ^ould be xnvited toselect delegates to consider the necessity of a Federal Union, and the best means of Accomplishing it. I submitted the report and the resolution arising out of it to Se Zembly, and carried them with general assent, and they were afterwards commuiricated to the Legislative Council, which concurred m them. We then communicated whh the other colonies. In New South Wales a select committee of the Legislative Council, including some of the most experienced statesmen in that colony, reportedon the question generally, and recommended that the method of proceeding suggested m the Victorian Report should be adopted. They sent their report to the Legislative Assembly requesting its concurrence. In South Australia select committees of ithe two Houses accented the invitation of Victoria, and appointed delegates to attend the proposed conference. In Tasmania a similar course was adopted, and delegates were selected. This was regarded as a triumphant success, as we had obtained the assent of all the colonies possessing Responsible Government, for Queensland had not yet come into existence, and Western Australia was a Crown colony. But there was one fatal impediment to action. The Legislative Assembly m New South Wales had not responded either to our invitation or to that of their own Legislative Council. Mr. Cowper the Colonial Secretary, was unwilling, as my friends informed me, to allow Victoria the initiative, and we were unwilling to begin with the aid of only two small colonies My friends, Parkes and Butler, were of opinion that Mr. Cowper would not long be an impediment, and that it would be better to wait for his successor, and this was the course we took. . I applied myself early to the task of getting the public business conducted after the method of the" House of Commons, The Constitution required us to act under British standing orders until we had framed standing orders of our own. As men going to battle first sharpen their weapons, so it seemed to me our first duty was to make Parliament, which was the weapon whereby we mutt defend our liberty and prosperity, as effective as possible; but the Government, to whom these formularies were new, were impatient under what they regarded as offensive tuition, though it was in fact a Bimple insistence on the actual law. The pro- Government Press, and especially the "Argus," accused me of impeding the public business, and thwarting the Government by mere pedantry. In later years the " Argus" has adopted the practice of the London "Times" with opponents—the 'Argus"—the subject „ - _ having impeded the public business and thwarted the Government, and answered « in a manner which I can still recall with satisfaction, as it proved I had done the exact reverse. There were six cases, I said, in which the Government Press had complained of my conduct, and I would glance at them in succession. On the day Parliament opened I recommended that we should adopt the House of Commons practice of adjourning for two hours before taking the Governor's Bpeech into consideration, in order to enable the Opposition to determine what course they would take in relation to it. The Government would not consent to any adjournment. And what was the consequence ? Why, that they found it necessary to adjourn four-and-twenty hours a little later for the same purpose. This was the first point of practice I raised, and I need scarcely insist that it was not impeding public business to recommend a course that would have saved the delay of a day. On the second occasion the leader of the House gave notice of a motion to make five a quorum in committees, and he very graciously indicated that he did so at my suggestion. I might ask the House to consider the bearing and significance of that fact. No select committee can proceed to business in the absence of any of its members, unless a quorum has been fixed, and if I had desired, as had been shamefully alleged, to thwart the Government I had only to hold my tongue, and all the committees appointed would be paralysed until a complete attendance was obtained, but I crossed the floor and mentioned the difficulty and its remedy to the leader of the House, and to no other person whatever. This is the course I would have taken on all similar occasions, but that on the debate on Cross Benches, an arrangement unknown in the House of Commons, and established here in total ignorance of Parliamentary usage, the -gentlemen on the Treasury benches took a tone of contemptuous indifference to Parliamentary usages which demanded a signal lesson; and they got the lesson they needed. Under the Parliamentary practice which we are bound by the Constitution to follow, some class of bills must originate in committee of the whole House, and if by mistake this form has been omitted all subsequent proceedings are void, and must be commenced again. Would any man venture to say I retarded publio business by preventing bills being carried through several stages in error, which in the end would have to be withdrawnjuyl commenced anew ? The Commissioner of Customs, in fact, did introdaj^p/ Mbqey Bill without the necessary preliminary, and when I pointed ^ufr the "cotfs'e^afnces he silently withdrew it and introduced it anew. One other fcafance is the lasfX^would mention. On the day of the Budget speech Mr. Michie veryjwbpefeiy ipsisted-tt»| the financial statement should be made in committee, and the ^^rnib^t.were^nubnsternation, as they had not yet appointed their Chairman bf^Ways ari& Mpa^Fond thought it could not be done without formal notice, and o^eMor alK Well! how did exhibit my propensity to impede publio business and it^ijri. --the-*G«yBrnment ? pointed out that they were entitled to move a gentlematt4o&^|g/chair for that oooasion only, and without any previous nomination or any oBRgStion to continue him in the office, whioh was immediately done, and the public business proceeded. The duty of a member of the Houbb is sufficiently onerous without being driven in self-defence to review cases like these. I had hardly time to look hastily into the fact that day. At ten o'olook in the morning I was sitting in a committee on the completion of Parliament House; at twelve o'clock I was sitting in a committee on the Postal System; at two o'clock in a committee on Standing Orders; at half-past three in the committee of Elections and Qualifications, and the House met at four, and sat till seven o'olook, leaving barely time to read the Parliamentary papers when I went home. (To be continue A.)