CBAWEB V. ' on spun of lore bow quick acd fresh sit Ultra.' It was wonderful the change that bad been nude on Jlfiuut Jgtauai and iti vicinity in the short space of two yean. A great gap had been cut from north to south through Hu summit of it. Prom each end of this cutting little waggons laden with golden stone ran to the vicinity of the etampera. The mill fc-d^ been ertmrled, and thirty head now tiftt^ through many tons of stone daily— working 4 the twenty-four hours. Berdan pans wen in number corresponding. The stone was easily ./ worked, and waa robbedof its precious demeflr without difficulty. On the Stockman's reef shafts had been sank ; the mill at it was kept constantly going; and it also was paybnr splendid dividends. On Donecnr* set-ction much work had been done with splendid re sults. Smaller reefs bad been found abort from the Mount Ebnina lode, and over an area of four miles mining operations were carried on. A township bad sprang up witii pablic houses, chapel, and school, and dwelling! of every type— from tin sapling and bark fanmpie, and simple oartns tent to the neat pamted weaker-board domicile. The Captain had been appointed resident director of the Mount Elmina Gold-mining Company, and no one could have recognised in the neat smart well-set-up gentleman, toe miserable shaver who had spoiled good Sour in his efforts at making damper same three years before. The troth was toe success of the mine had inspired him with new vigor physically and mentally ; he bsd found Son' genial work; and under its bracing influence, the education, experience, and irofes iooal training of his eariylifehadbecome^onveniOTt and useful to him. He displayed also the methodsandmannersofs-well4dacated highly bred gentleman. He was the 'master of method'' about the mine.' In conjunction with the manager, he bad made the system on which it was worked. The men bad their work assumed rhm ; they knew what they had to do, and did n\\ because the demands were not exacting, and the pay was certain. At orgsmsiug amusements either for the concert room or the open air, the Captain was e, first rate hand. He got np the local cricket clnb, and when the crack team of the district came rfr^.^?'^eirOTB* Etermas they were defeated by three runs— to the tremendous delight of the mining onlookers, who carried the two captains round the field. It was be Iieved the Mount Elmina team would have pulled off the return match, notwithstand ing the strong team against them, had it not been for a questionable decision -of toe umpire, which put the Captain oat leg be fore wicket early in the game. He bad\\old a portion of his interest in Mount Elmina, and by lucky purchases in the stock of other mines, had aco&ired toe commxnd of £15.000. It was st his nicely situated, and roomy dwelling, on Ihespurof oneof the eminences adjoining Mount tdmina, that the friends of directors were entertained when rzdthw- the mine. Many were the pleasant parties there, when young people, out for a holiday, enjoyed the splendid hospitality of the host. The style without extravagance pleased and as tonished those who make a Trig display but create no good effect There Blair snd Howell were always welcome guests. Among the visitors one Sunday when Shir was there, were tin leading members of a femous dramatic company from ? ton- It included the star, mST Amy DeschameLa person ofrepate in herBrofessiTO^-atJeaet so theplaybflls said. She was supported by a talented company. They went wSh the early train on Sunday morning to the railway sta turn for Mount Hmina, and drove over in tame for breakfast, wbich was awaiting tbeir arrival. Willie and the Captain weretntte verandah when the party drove up. Tbe ladies doselyveiled firm, the dust and inn were shown to bed-rooms, while tbe gentle men »pere made free of the bath-room, and captau'e dressing-room. Mr. Welby, the leading gentleman of the dramatic partr afterward tatrodoced the members. ^vS 'SL?6^!^ 'i' P''™^. «he Captain instead of greeting her courteously, bowed in us coldest, stiffest manner. She flashed opon face and neck, and a shade of bitter feeW passed over her countenance, succeeded bv one of painful sadness. Without explana tion or apology the Captain at once disap peared, leaving Blair to do the honours oftne occasion. The mine and its eurroundinas were explored in the course of the day/iriS WflUe found in Miss Deschameland her Bttie daughter whom it was a novel experience fo? ' him to take in his arms and carry over rough places, pleasant acooaintancee. ^The. former was a sensible clever woman, without any thing stagey about her, the latter very eater taining. After dinner the party iwSFto prepare for the return journey^ MIsYite* chamel tagged ji word Jfn prfrate with Mr. STmand^d/sTaifd*6 &ptata1' «?*? 'Benot^aatonished: f am Captain Crich '? His name is Crichton, but we call him Captain in joke.' ™ ' He is Captain Archibald Crichton, late of the Royal Scot, Fusiliers, 21st Fod~ind; ?-«re '^ Pointing to a certificate she produced ??^evidencettatonthedatether^SentiSed ie was married to Amy Dabois, spinster of shook^Jwh fr' coP.t-BMd. '-kileher voice mJfc. l. j *! ?wol;W«kofyoaasafrieadof my husband, u. to tell him I want an interview with him. You m»y also teU him what I want to say is, that I have been a tone wife to ''? ZfVS 'imprudent I may hare been, but I have been true to my msniaee vow. On my soul's salvation I declare it~^ ave come to Australia to tell him this, and ,nen leave it to bis own manliness and^* iiiTu c6*1*' *° dictate wh' eonrae be V loss what to do. In a woman's affitirsSke counsel of a wnman. He left Miss Deschamel XiWU'^Jh?e he com«''' «« housekeeper, Mn. Maefarlaoe. Having heard the matter 'Mike he leave the baimie with you: she'i i the connecting link that'll draw them toBeniGr again.' _*' Whose is the chOd I'— Willie asked, at he njmned tiie visitor. ' 'Sir!' she said, tai rose to her feet with .^nwje wan the mere Mtort tone in her voice. , u3 demeanour in her attitude— ^^ )? 'Wen, I beg your pardon, but I am vary V awkward about this «ort of badness. Did he desert you and your child} 'Clan Ctichton «u not bom then: we wore only mi months married when he for sook me. Inameq her for tin sister he told me de loved font* ' CUrs Oriental,' Wfflij repeated the name: paused as a crowd of strange thoughts swept ?cross Ms brain. ' WOI yon leaTe the little girl with us to-night*' 'So yon mean to rob me of my child? Is tins Borne trick f she «TM.im^ 'How. does he know he has a child? her lime hand may brash away the illation which the lane of years may have now worn thin.' ' M-. Blair, if I cannot gain my husband I win not part with my child. But now I hare discovered him I will spare no effort to put myself right with him. Do yon pledge me your word of honour that she shall be re tained to me?' -?'I do: the chad shall be returned,— per- haps with interest.* Hereat there was a knock at the door, and Mrs. Manfarlsne appeared with a cop of tea for the lady before the waggonette started. Following her came little (Six, who rather surprised her mother by asking her to wait all night 'to near the dingoes howL' 'Wild dogs, mamma ; they live ont in the bosh, sod eat kangaroos and poor little calves. Mrs. UacfarUne says she hears them almost every night, and they don't bark like oar dogs -at all. Do minnm^ stay and near them. 'No, my dear, I cannot do that?' ?' But mamma will let yoa stay, Clara, and I will tale yon to town again to-morrow.' 'How could I stay .11 night without any night-dress, or any one to brash my hair, and pat me to sleep, as mnmim does. 'I ufllget yonanight-dress, my wee dearie ; sad I wfll brash your hair, and sing yon 'Baloomy baMe'-the Lords night though it be.' 'And in the morning you will see the big mills Bounding the stone they get tie gold out of?' ' May I wait m*w'nn ?n ' But yon wBl come back to me S' 'Oh manrnm, do yon think I would leave you, my own wmiw^ for altogether V 'The driver says we will not catch the train unless we start now: we're late al ready.' 'Jost a moment, Mr. Welby' replied Miss Deschamel - then to Mr. Blair ' Look at my bank book. It is not money I want. Good-bye. Be sure and come to-morrow, Clara.' 'Yes, mamma, and perhaps I will bring a dingo with me.' At this all the listeners laughed heartily, though perhaps with varied feelings. Id tile dusk the Captain c&me home, jaded and~ worn like, and w&h something of Hie wearied look anMa .vm»fa»i.^~. it had borne when first he had come to Moont Elmlna. He gave his horse to the boy, -and walked to his room to dress,' On coming ont again to the wrandah he saw little Clara, rocking herself on a chair. For a moment he stood irresolute, then leapt off at the aide, and went round to the kitchen. He appeared again when the dinner bell rang, and stand at the little one whom Blair led in by the hand. -? TkM is little Clara Crichton,' said he as he presented her, and she shyly held out her little hand. The Captain took it, bat mf d^ no 'fl1* At dinner she was almost the only one wEo spoke, and she prattled away cheerfully, about occurrences of the day, anH**g questions, and m^lrinjT repeated mention of her munma. wii^n^innfw ''n* all retired to the verandah, on which the rising moon was casting Us light. Blair was smoking ; the Captain sat for a time silent ; Clara locked t»^»«»lf in (me «*li*ir humming a little fiong. 'When do the dingoes begin to cry?' she at last inquired of the Captain. '* Win you come and sit on my knee, and I will tell you V *' Bat imm'ir» does not like me to sit on a stzwBfie centleinaD*! knee.*1 'I am not a strange gentleman, when you axe here staying frith ne/1 '.Bat yon vent away and never spoke to my mamma when she was here.' He drew her towards him from where she had approached, and lifting her on Ms knee proceeded without answering her question, to tell her about nor ing & dingo that very day. She chattered about it, and about kangaroos, bandicoots, iguanas* and snakes* regarding which she had no end of questions. Then they heard a ' More Pork' crying in the distant scrub, and he had to tell her about it. ?' Mr. Blair says yon know my mamma?' she suddenly said. ' I once knew her, but it was long ago.' ' Then yon should have been all the more pleased to see her now. Why did you not stay and speak to her?' ' Because she was bad — very bad.** 11 Tlitt is not true : my mamma ifi very good. Wherever she goes people love her, and say she is good.' '* Gentlemen say that.*1 ' She nerer speaks to gentlemen except about business, and when Mr. Welby is with her. I wont stay with you for saying naughty things of my good, good mamma ;'T and she straggled to get away. *' Bat I could not Bay your mamma was good, when I knew she was wicked.' 'Yon naughty man; I hate yon ; my mamma could not be wicked,' and straggling she began to cry. ** Hear the dingo' — he said, to divert her attention. « Let me go— let me go— my majmm u so jRxr^fa jwrarbe wicked/1 She would not be restrained, and Bed sob bing to Mrs Macfarlane. Just then a dingo did set Up a melancholy whine, which served to divert her attention from her sorrow. She listened, and heard again the sound Boating on the night air in weird pathos. Trembling nervously she forgot her grief. More than once ahe heard it, and was — «?«-» Bat her spirits were damped, and she wasted to go to bed. Motherly Mrs. Macfarlane had borrowed a little night-dress from Mrs Steinmetzer, the wife of the mill manager, and Clara felt quite pleased with it; she told he attendant how to wash «nd tie her hair. That done she said,— 'Hear me my prayers now. 'She knelt at the good woman's knee and repeated 'This night when I lie down to sleep fcc,' and added ' God bless my papa, and bring him back to my God bless 2ieand make me good ; sod forgive as all oar sins, for oar blessed Redeemer's sake.' Don't say 'Amen' my little dear: wait a minute : Captain Crichton would like to hear you say your prayers.' ' But 1 dont like him : he said my ?»«wim* was wicked.' *' Tea, yes, we are all wicked, my dear' replied Mrs MactarUne, a? ahe left the room. Returning with the Captain, she asked Clara to repeat ber prayers. The littie one began to cry saying with sobs — ' 1 cannot when he said my mamma was wicked.' Mrs. Mvfariww couced in. vain. At last be — ™. ' Well, I wQl never say to you again your mamma was wicked s ' out she wuitsd Jiimto promise never to say so to any one. Mrs. Macfarlane told her people were all wicked at some time of their lives, and prevailed on her to repeat her simple petition to the Throne of 3raoe. ' Will yon kiss me and say good-sight!'' he asked m a husky voice. ' If you will say my mamma is not wicked. ' ' Yes he will say that my bonuie bairn, and mony mair Draw things the mom.' A tear fell on the little one's cheek, as the strong man stooped to kiss the rosy liiw. ' I am glad he is crying1' — she said* to Mrs MyArUi)^ when he had left tiie room. 'Why should you be pleased at that, baimie.' ' He is sorry s.t having said my mamma mas wicked.' 'Gade Mess the puir wean,' was the nmrmnred words *s the blanket was laid carefully around her. Blair had ceased smoking, bat he continued to sit out on the verandah expectant Jrle was silent, knowing Crichton would not long remain eo. At last tie lattsr drew his chair near, sat down, and said. ' That woman who was here to-day is my wife.' 'Yes, I know : she showed me the marriage certificate. ' Oh she did : what does she want t Has she come on a black-mailing expedition.' ' Js she a woman that is likely to have come half round the world to get money out of yon i' Aftoi* a pause and silence—'** Answer *ne !*' ' I do not know what she is capable oL' ' Evidently not of her capability of well doing. ' What does she want !' ' She wants you to tefl her why you have deserted her and her child— your child. ' ' WeUeheknowswhylfleafrommy country and my friends.' ?' Have you ever told her why you did so. Yoa do not mean to tell m. taat you flung from yon such a woman as Miss Deschamel appears to be, as if she wen deserving of no consideration 1' ' Will you listen to me, and judge if I had not cause to spurn her.' ' Bring a little whisky and water. Calm yourself, and tell the truth, toe whole truth, and nothing but the truth. I am the son of Sir Archibald Crichton of Dnniron.' ?'What !' exclaimed Blair, starting up in his seat in amazement. ' Good God ; why did yon never tell me this t' 'Because of that woman. Ivas in the army: captain in the Royal Soots Foailiera. We were stationed at Fermoy. I had then a fair reputation with my comrades, wu on good terms with my company, and was well received in the private circles open to us. There I made the arngafnfrannfl of Amy Doboifl— daughter of a deceased East India merchant, uui then residing with her mother and sister. We had a natural aptitude for toe stage, and in the amateur performances given by the officers aad frieodc took leading parts. Our intercourse led to the existence of mutual love, and though I concealed oar marriage from my father,. I thought I was regardless of consequence. My pay and allowance from borne were no more than enough to maintain as in oar society. But we were happy tfll a Lieutenant Reno joined the regiment. He was a better actor than I, and that winter my wife appeared with great edit in pieces where they were allied dram atically. I became jealous : gave up the stage ; and asked her to do so. She laughed and teased me about it There waste be a grand performance for a charitable purpose in Fermoy. at which she was asked to appear. I declined to do so, and I forbade her appearance. She tried to coax me ; then she petted and pouted and declared she would go for the but time. I pled with her, but she declared I was unreasonable, went to the rehearsals, and to the performance. There I saw her in the arms of another, smiling, pleased, and bappy. She saw me there and glanced defiance. I left the room ; dressed myself in a Buit of old plain clothes ; took what money I had at hand ; went to Dublin ; shipped as a steerage passenger on board an Atlantic steamer, and got clear off to America. ThencelfoundmywaytoAuBtralia.' ' Yes f remarked the listener interroga tively. Then after a pause, during which the captain was silent, he added : ' Was that alCn ** I am afraM ifc ta Impossible for me to m&keyouunderBtaQd«m felt and thought on thu matter.* 'But what else was there besides this theatrical incident to make you mar your own happiness, as well as that of the girl yon had made your wife ? Sorely you had some other evidence than this that she was unfaithful to you?' 'She went to rehearsals, and I suspected p-mn htv^ gained an onmrzsUit&ble influence arer her. Then on the stage trhea -he kissed her, I could see people umirkipg to each other, and the looks cast at me said as plainly as could be — * yon are a silly fooL' ' ' Did she ever despise you, or show that she was not as fond of you as ever.' '? Had she done that, this old agony which has been tormenting me to -day * would not have been so ill to bear. But because I loved her much, and Trwun'tf' when ouTEelrei together she was to all appearances my own sweet affectionate wife. I am now tormented.' *' Is the thought which torments you this : that you may have been wrong T' ' That is what is working like a set of stampers in my breast now: b^MJ'£( pounding, thumping till my head seems as if it would crack,' They sat silent for a time, and &t last Blair spoke. *c I am not skilled in matters of thie kind, but it appears to me you must have allowed your jealousy to put you off your head. In the e&rly days of our ftc^''ntnj'*fth'p I really thought you were suffering from mental we^cness, and now I i'' «'1rnf»»fr sure of it. Your remorse for your conduct is die moat hopeful ago. about you now. If she were to tell yon. as yon have jierer given her the opportunity of doing, that she had been always, and was still loyal and true to you, would your heart let you call her by a nasty epithet f ' It would not : time, and distance, and reflection have made me see things differ entfy.' 'Then why did you not wait to-day, and let her know ail this f' I was surprised and pained to land that she bad taken to the stage as a profession, and I suspect that if Beno did not come oat here with her, he wQl be in town— or not far off.' ' That U to say you were as ready as ever to conceive evil in connection with her? What a fine generous spirit you have. I am afraid you are going off your head again, and to keep you right let me tell you something. This tuts lady ithitw? to me just before she Jftft, and she told me she was your wife, and she asked me to say ahe wants you to tell her why you deserted her' She is evidently possessed with the idea there has been some misunderstand ing, and she wants it cleared up. She asks nothingfromyoubutjustice. For this she says ahe has sought for you in AnBtralia, where she learned somehow you were alive. To share your money u not in her thoughts — that she does not wish merely to share your wealth she let me see her bank-book, aud&he evidently can TTiftirfrain hetself by her own fr°^iaTitB. You have been off your head about this business altogethers old *'«-'t and the sooner you put things right the better.' 'But if I tell ber— if I ask her— if 2 say to her, she was false to me, and then she declares I was wrong, and that I could not have b*^ much f*'fcfr or affection for her ever to have thought otherwise — what shall I do then.' 14 1 suppose you went on your knees to her once : do it again, and implore her forgive ' But how can I hope for it after tuy idiotic conduct ?n ** Of coune yoa don't deserve it, and if it be ref used, jou have yourself to blame. It seems to me to be the only way to put matters right. Da you think she would come out here, and endure what she moat have suffered, merely to hear your confesalon of error. You really must get on your head, and show you are worth such a woman. The way you talk makes me have serious doubts on the point.' In the morning early the Captain s trap, with the owner and his little daughter nestl ing beside him on the seat, left the Mount for the railway station. About eleven o'clock, AfadaVme Deschamel had taken out her desk, and was writing for the outgoing £nglish m*M. when she heard sounds of a child's voice and footstepB on the verandah of the hotel. A heavy footstep followed. She stopped writing : her heart began to throb. The sitting room door opened: dam entered her eyes full of delight : ' Oh mamn.«. I h*re found my very own dear papa, and he says he has been awfully wicked to ha vegoxte awayaad left us, and' — as Captain Crichton entered the door closed behind him. When it opened again little Clara appeared joyful, and meeting the laud lady she exolsimed : ' Oh Mrs. Macdonald do you know I have found my own papa ; and he is such a nice papa ; he is going to give mamma and I all the love we have lost bo long : wont it be nice ?' The play at the Theatre Royal that evening, was ' Man and Wife,' in which the dramatist has set forth with happy and pleasing art. — ' How iligtit a, ciose may more, ' Dnsention between heart* that love : ' Heart! that the world in Tain bath tried, *? And sorrow bat more cdoeelr tied ; *' Which stood the storms when seas veie rough ; 'Yet, in a Bunny hour, fall off.' He also shows the sweetness of reconciliation after separation. Blair could not rest after Crichtoa had left. Mrs Uacfarlane also had urged him to go to towa, and help to make things right. He did not go to the hotel where &liss Deschamel was resident, bis own na^ni place of abode being another in a different part of the tovo, and it was eight o'clock nearly before he was ready to go out. Xhen it occuirod to him that Mia» Deschamel was to appear at the theatre in ' Man and Wile,' and thither he went. There was a good audience in the front seats, but the gallery was thinly occupied. When the lead ing actress appeared elegantly dressed, and ?milingj he could not help t*'nHrg what a fine looking woman she was. Womanly grace was iu her every movement, and the manners of a real lady characterised her acting. The tKtdwfakthoe she infused into tome of the seenee hushed the bouse, and anon the jtSSU iMss ?«= succeeded by raptarous bursts a applause. Hl&ir could not make out some thing about the husband of tht piece. He was a tall fair man with abundant aabum locks and beard, like the figure of some one he knew, and the voice though disguised was familiar. ?? To be sure' be sud to bisatdf, trhat was he wondering about :** It was Crichton.acBng the purtefthejodoas and then penitent bosband with bis wife in the wonsah Art' In the closing scene, when the mis apprehensions which bad prevailed were cleared up, the adamf was intensely eicWng in its realism, and when the husband at last clasped Jkt in his loving arms the sndfsnwt were load sod enthusiastic in their applause. Speaking of the performance the dally paper next znoraing said ' 'Though the chief actors in the play had been really in earnest, and had felt all the words amicm^d them in tiieir roles were mem t to express, they could not hare been more successful in stirring the feelings of those who had the pleasure of witnessing the performance.' In the same journal it was announced that owing to circumstances not anticipated the further appearances of Miss Deschamel'e Dramatic Cto. would not take place. On the morrow after the play Blair was not astir when Crichton knocked Urn up to 'come along ud breakfast with his wife and ie— to share their happiness. On their way over to the hotel in which Mr. Crichton abode, and in answertobis sompanion toe Captain said : 'Icould not fall on my knees to my wife as you suggested, becanse when I confessed my sin, and I daresay looked as miserable ssl felt, she took me to her heart again. Bach a. burden of Borrow and care was tinTadwi from onr hearts in one short hour, Hut I felt as gay as in the early days of our lore making at Fermoy. I wanted her to stay away tram the theatre, but she would not bresk faith with the public Knowing the piece of dd, I determined not to let another man play tile husband's part with her again ; I went to tile rehgsnal; and yon saw the play went weU.' Blur found Mrs. Crichton subdued in manner, but joyous in spirit with On sense ei fan contentment. There could* be no -dooM tike reconciliation was complete. Of course the members of the theatre company, having sll their claims more than liberally met, madend secret of tie drcmnstssces which had led, las Welby said, to their dissolution. They pre sented Miss Deschamel with an elegant ring, and had apleasantsnpnertogetheronOaptain Crichton's invitation before they -took their departure for the sooth. Saturday following happened to be Christ-mas, and mining was U a standstill on the Mount Eunina goMSdd. From all the outlying claims miners ?flocked to the township, the announcement -having been made, that, in a pleasant grassy meadow,' a mile above the township, on the banks of the creek at the permanent w»ter-bole, Captain Crichton would give a grand picnic The flies of tents had been bouuwed some days before from storekeepers and miners, everyone whs had any to lend. These were formed into one great fly or marquee in the pleasint shade of which about fonr'lniadred people could dine. At twelve o'clock the oxen, sheep, and pigs roasted whole were ready, sad the feasting and amusements began. Captain Crichton, and his wife and daughter were the observed of all observere, sad the recipients of many good wishes and mnch admiration. There were sports for all who cared to engage in them : viands unlimited in (ru-snlzt-y, and almost in variety ; beer, tea, coffee, and tobacco— and a ' miner's license tent' where those who could not feel their day's enjoyment complete without 'a license' took oat what they required. To their credit be it said many of them could march off the ground straight enough afterwards. In the evening -the dear moonlight enabled the festivities to be con tinned tul sHeoce and midnight stole Along the valley.